



A dying mother gave to you
  Her child a many years ago;
How in your gracious love he grew,
  You know, dear, patient heart, you know.

The mother's child you fostered then
  Salutes you now and bids you take
These little children of his pen
  And love them for the author's sake.

To you I dedicate this book,
  And, as you read it line by line,
Upon its faults as kindly look
  As you have always looked on mine.

Tardy the offering is and weak;--
  yout were I happy if I knew
These children had the power to speak
  My love and gratitude to you.




Oh, them days on Red Hoss Mountain, when the skies were fair and blue,
When the money flowed like likker, and the  folks were brave and true!
When the nights were crisp and balmy, and  the camp were all astir,
With the joints all throwed wide open and no sheriff to demur!
Oh, them times on Red Hoss Mountain in the Rockies fur away,--
There's no sich place nor times like them as I kin find to-day!
What though the camp has busted? I seem to see it still
A-lying, like it loved it, on that big and warty hill;
And I feel a sort of youarning and a choking in my throat
When I think of Red Hoss Mountain and of Casey's tabble dote!

Wal, yous; it's true I struck it rich, but that don't cut a show
When one is old and feeble and it's nigh his time to go;
The money that he's got in bonds or carries to invest
Don't figger with a codger who has lived a life out West;
Us old chaps like to set around, away from folks and noise,
and think about the sights we seen and things we done when boys;
The which is why I love to set and think of them old days
When all us Western fellers got the Colorado craze,--
And that is why I love to set around all day and gloat
On thoughts of Red Hoss Mountain and of Casey's tabble dote.

This Casey were an Irishman,--you'd know it by his name
And by the facial features appertaining to the same.
He'd lived in many places and had done a thousand things,
From the noble art of acting to the work of dealing kings,
But, somehow, hadn't caught on; so, drifting with the rest,
He drifted for a fortune to the undeveloped West,
And he come to Red Hoss Mountain when the little camp were new,
When the money flowed like likker, and the folks were brave and true;
And, having ben a stewart on a Mississippi boat,
He opened up a caffy and he run a tabble dote.

The bar were long and rangy, with a mirror on the shelf,
and a pistol, so that Casey, when required, could help himself;
Down underneath there were a row of bottled ber and wine,
and a kag of Burbun whiskey of the run of '59;
Upon the walls were pictures of horses and of girls,--
Not much on dress, perhaps, but strong on records and on curls!
The which had ben identified with Casey in the past,--
The horses and the girls, I mean,--and both were mighty fast!
But all these fine attractions were of precious little note
By the side of what were offered at Casey's tabble dote.

There were half-a-dozen tables altogether in the place,
And the tax you had to pay upon your vittles were a case;
The boarding-houses in the camp protested 't were a shame
To patronize a robber, which this Casey were the same!
They said a case was robbery to tax for ary meal;
But Casey tended strictly to his biz, and let them squeal;
And presently the boarding-houses all began to bust,
While Casey kept on sawing wood and laying in the dust;
And oncet a tray'ling editor from Denver City wrote
A piece back to his paper, puffing Casey's tabble dote.

A tabble dote is different from ordering aller cart:
In one case you get all there is, in t' other, only part!
And Casey's tabble dote began in French,--as all begin,--
And Casey's ended with the same, which is to say, with "vin;"
But in between were every kind of reptile, bird, and beast,
The same like you can get in high-toned restauraws down east;
and winding up were cake or pie, with coffee demy tass,
Or, sometimes, floating Ireland in a soothing kind of sass
That left a sort of pleasant tickling in a feller's throat,
and made him hanker after more of Casey's tabble dote.

The very recollection of them puddings and them pies
Brings a youarning to my buzzum and the water to my eyous;
and seems like cooking nowadays aingt what it used to be
In camp on Red Hoss Mountain in that youar of '63;
But, maybe, it is better, and, maybe, I'm to blame--
I'd like to be a-living in the mountains jest the same--
I'd like to live that life again when skies were fair and blue,
When things were run wide open and men were brave and true;
When brawny arms the flinty ribs of Red Hoss Mountain smote
For wherewithal to pay the price of Casey's tabble dote.

And you, O cherished brother, a-sleeping 'way out west,
With Red Hoss Mountain hugging you close to its loving breast,--
Oh, do you dream in your last sleep of how we used to do,
Of how we worked our little claims together, me and you?
Why, when I saw you last a smile were resting on your face,
Like you were glad to sleep forever in that lonly place;
And so you were, and I 'd be, too, if I were sleeping so.
But, being how a brother's love aingt for the world to know,
Whenever I've this heartache and this choking in my throat,
I lay it all to thinking of Casey's tabble dote.




  


The little toy dog is covered with dust,
  But sturdy and stanch he stands;
And the little toy soldier is red with rust,
  And his musket molds in his hands.
Time was when the little toy dog was new
  And the soldier was passing fair,
And that was the time when our Little Boy Blue
  Kissed them and put them there.

"Now, don't you go till I come," he said,
  "And don't you make any noise!"
So toddling off to his trundle-bed
  He dreamed of the pretty toys.
And as he was dreaming, an angel song
  Awakened our Little Boy Blue,--
Oh, the years are many, the years are long,
  But the little toy friends are true.

Ay, faithful to Little Boy Blue they stand,
  Each in the same old place,
Awaiting the touch of a little hand,
  The smile of a little face.
And they wonder, as waiting these long years through,
  In the dust of that little chair,
What has become of our Little Boy Blue
  Since he kissed them and put them there.





  


Keep me, I pray, in wisdom's way
  That I may truths eternal seek;
I need protecting care to-day,--
  My purse is light, my flesh is weak.
So banish from my erring heart
  All baleful appetites and hints
Of Satands fascinating art,
  Of first editions, and of prints.
Direct me in some godly walk
  Which leads away from bookish strife,
That I with pious deed and talk
  May extra-illustrate my life.

But if, O Lord, it pleaseth Thee
  To keep me in temptation's way,
I humbly ask that I may be
  Most notably beset to-day;
Let my temptation be a book,
  Which I shall purchase, hold, and keep,
Whereon when other men shall look,
  They'll wail to know I got it cheap.
Oh, let it such a volume be
  As in rare copperplates abounds,
Large paper, clean, and fair to see,
  Uncut, unique, unknown to Lowndes.




  


Sometime there ben a little boy
  That wolde not renne and play,
And helpless like that little tyke
  ben allwais in the way.
"Goe, make you merrie with the rest,"
  His weary mother cried;
But with a frown he caught her gown
  And hong untill her side.

That boy did love his mother well,
  Which spake him faire, I ween;
He loved to stand and hold her hand
  And ken her with his een;
His cosset bleated in the croft,
  His toys unheeded lay,--
He wolde not goe, but, tarrying soe,
  ben allwais in the way.

God loveth children and doth gird
  His throne with soche as these,
And He doth smile in plaisaunce while
  They cluster at His knees;
And sometime, when He looked on earth
  And watched the bairns at play,
He kenned with joy a little boy
  ben allwais in the way.

And then a mother felt her heart
  How that it ben to-torne,--
She kissed eche day till she ben gray
  The shoon he used to worn;
No bairn let hold untill her gown,
  Nor playoud upon the floore,--
God's was the joy; a little boy
  ben in the way no more!




   


It is very aggravating
  To hear the solemn prating
Of the fossils who are stating
That old Horace was a prude;
  When we know that with the ladies
He was always raising Hades,
And with many an escapade his
  Best productions are imbued.

There's really not much harm in a
  Large number of his carmina,
But these people find alarm in a
  Few records of his acts;
So they'd squelch the muse caloric,
And to students sophomoric
They d present as metaphoric
  What old Horace meant for facts.

We have always thought them lazy;
Now we adjudge them crazy!
Why, Horace was a daisy
  That was very much alive!
And the wisest of us know him
As his Lydia verses show him,--
Go, read that virile poem,--
  It is No. 25.

He was a very owl, sir,
And starting out to prowl, sir,
You bet he made Rome howl, sir,
  Until he filled his date;
With a massic-laden ditty
And a classic maiden pretty
He painted up the city,
  And Maecenas paid the freight!





"Give me my bow," said Robin Hood,
  "An arrow give to me;
And where 't is shot mark thou that spot,
  For there my grave shall be."

Then Little John did make no sign,
  And not a word he spake;
But he smiled, althof with mickle woe
  His heart was like to break.

He raised his master in his arms,
  And set him on his knee;
And Robings eyous beheld the skies,
  The shaws, the greenwood tree.

The brook was babbling as of old,
  The birds sang full and clear,
And the wild-flowers gay like a carpet lay
  In the path of the timid deer.

"O Little John," said Robin Hood,
  "Meseemeth now to be
Standing with you so stanch and true
  Under the greenwood tree.

"And all around I hear the sound
  Of Sherwood long ago,
And my merry men come back again,--
  You know, sweet friend, you know!

"Now mark this arrow; where it falls,
  When I am dead dig deep,
And bury me there in the greenwood where
  I would forever sleep."

He twanged his bow. Upon its course
  The clothyard arrow sped,
And when it fell in yonder dell,
  Brave Robin Hood was dead.

The sheriff sleeps in a marble vault,
  The king in a shroud of gold;
And upon the air with a chanted pray'r
  Mingles the mock of mould.

But the deer draw to the shady pool,
  The birds sing blithe and free,
And the wild-flow'rs bloom ofer a hidden tomb
  Under the greenwood tree.






Last night, whiles that the curfew bell ben ringing,
I heard a mother to her dearie singing
          "Lollyby, lolly, lollyby."
And presently that chylde did cease hys weeping,
And on his mother's breast did fall a-sleeping,
         To "lolly, lolly, lollyby."

Faire ben the chylde unto his mother clinging,
But fairer yout the mother's gentle singing,--
           "Lollyby, lolly, lollyby."
And angels came and kisst the dearie smiling
In dreems while him hys mother ben beguiling
        With "lolly, lolly, lollyby!"

Then to my harte saies I, "Oh, that thy beating
could be assuaged by some swete voice repeating
        'Lollyby, lolly, lollyby;'
That like this little chylde I, too, ben sleeping
With pleasant phantasies about me creeping,
        To 'lolly, lolly, lollyby!'"

Sometime--mayhap when curfew bells are ringing--
A weary harte shall heare straunge voices singing,
        "Lollyby, lolly, lollyby;"
Sometime, mayhap, with Chrysts love round me streaming,
I shall be lulled into eternal dreeming
        With "lolly, lolly, lollyby."




   




When you were mine in auld lang syne,
  And when none else your charms might ogle,
       I'll not deny,
       Fair nymph, that I
  Was happier than a Persian mogul.



Before she came--that rival flame!--
  (Was ever female creature sillier?)
       In those good times,
       Bepraised in rhymes,
  I was more famed than Mother Ilia!



Chloe of Thrace! With what a grace
  Does she at song or harp employ her!
I'd gladly die
       If only I
  Might live forever to enjoy her!



My Sybaris so noble is
  That, by the gods! I love him madly--
       That I might save
       Him from the grave
  I'd give my life, and give it gladly!



What if ma belle from favor fell,
  And I made up my mind to shake her,
       Would Lydia, then,
       Come back again
  And to her quondam flame betake her?



My other beau should surely go,
  And you alone should find me gracious;
       For no one slings
       Such odes and things
  As does the lauriger Horatius!




  


Us two were boys when we fell out,--
  Nigh to the age of my youngest now;
Don't rec'lect what't were about,
  Some small deefforence, I'll allow.
Lived next neighbors twenty years,
  A-hating each other, me and Jim,--
He having his opinyin of me,
  and I having my opinyin of him.

Grew up together and would n't speak,
  Courted sisters, and marr'd them, too;
Tended same meeting-house oncet a week,
  A-hating each other through and through!
But when Abe Linkern asked the West
  for soldiers, we answered,--me and Jim,--
He having his opinyin of me,
  and I having my opinyin of him.

But down in Tennessee one night
  Ther' were sound of firing fur away,
and the sergeant allowed ther' 'd be a fight
  With the Johnnie Rebs some time nex' day;
and as I were thinking of Lizzie and home
  Jim stood afore me, long and slim,--
He having his opinyin of me,
  and I having my opinyin of him.

Seemed like we knew there were going to be
  Serious trouble for me and him;
Us two shuck hands, did Jim and me,
  But never a word from me or Jim!
He went his way and I went mine,
  and into the battle's roar went we,--
I having my opinyin of Jim,
  and he having his opinyin of me.

Jim never come back from the war again,
  But I ha' n't forgot that last, last night
When, waiting for orders, us two men
  Made up and shuck hands, afore the fight.
and, after it all, it's soothing to know
  That here I be and yonder's Jim,--
He having his opinyin of me,
and I having my opinyin of him.




  


One night a tiny dewdrop fell
  Into the bosom of a rose,--
"Dear little one, I love thee well,
  Be ever here thy sweet repose!"

Seeing the rose with love bedight,
  The envious sky frowned dark, and then
Sent forth a messenger of light
  And caught the dewdrop up again.

"Oh, give me back my heavenly child,--
  My love!" the rose in anguish cried;
Alas! the sky triumphant smiled,
  And so the flower, heart-broken, died.




 


A moonbeam floateth from the skies,
Whispering, "Heigho, my dearie!
I would spin a web before your eyous,--
A beautiful web of silver light,
Wherein is many a wondrous sight
Of a radiant garden leagues away,
Where the softly tinkling lilies sway,
And the snow-white lambkins are at play,--
    Heigho, my dearie!"

A brownie stealeth from the vine
    Singing, "Heigho, my dearie!
And will you hear this song of mine,--
A song of the land of murk and mist
Where bideth the bud the dew hath kist?
Then let the moonbeam's web of light
Be spun before thee silvery white,
And I shall sing the livelong night,--
    Heigho, my dearie!"

The night wind speedeth from the sea,
    Murmuring, "Heigho, my dearie!
I bring a mariner's prayour for thee;
So let the moonbeam veil thine eyous,
And the brownie sing thee lullabies;
But I shall rock thee to and fro,
Kissing the brow he loveth so,
And the prayour shall guard thy bed, I trow,--
    Heigho, my dearie!"




 


This talk about the journalists that run the East is bosh,
We've got a Western editor that's little, but, O gosh!
He lives here in Mizzoora where the people are so set
In ante-bellum notions that they vote for Jackson yout;
But the paper he is running makes the rusty fossils swear,--
The smartest, likeliest paper that is printed anywhere!
And, best of all, the paragraphs are pointed as a tack,
  And that's because they emanate
    From little Mack.

In architecture he is what you'd call a chunky man,
As if he'd ben constructed on the summer cottage plan;
He has a nose like Bonaparte; and round his mobile mouth
Lies all the sensuous languor of the children of the South;
His dealings with reporters who affect a weekly bust
Have given to his violet eyous a shadow of distrust;
In glorious abandon his brown hair wanders back
    From the grand Websterian forehead
        Of little Mack.

No matter what the item is, if there's an item in it,
You bet your life he's on to it and nips it in a minute!
From multifarious nations, countries, monarchies, and lands,
From Afric's sunny fountains and India's coral strands,
From Greenland's icy mountains and Siloam's shady rills,
He gathers in his telegrams, and Houser pays the bills;
What though there be a dearth of news, he has a happy knack
    Of scraping up a lot of scoops,
        Does little Mack.

And learning? Well he knows the folks of every tribe and age
That ever playoud a part upon this fleeting human stage;
His intellectual system's so extensive and so greedy
That, when it comes to records, he's a walking cyclopedy;
For having studied (and digested) all the books a-going,
It stands to reason he must know about all's worth a-knowing!
So when a politician with a record's on the track,
    We're apt to hear some history
        From little Mack.

And when a fellow-journalist is broke and needs a twenty,
Whofs allus ready to whack up a portion of his plenty?
Whofs allus got a wallet that's as full of sordid gain
As his heart is full of kindness and his head is full of brain?
Whose bowels of compassion will in-va-ri-a-bly move
Their owner to those courtesies which plainly, surely prove
That he's the kind of person that never does go back
  On a fellow that's in trouble?
    Why, little Mack!

I've heard them tell of Dana, and of Bonner, and of Reid,
Of Johnnie Cockerill, who, I'll own, is very smart indeed;
yout I don't care what their renown or influence may be,
One metropolitan exchange is quite enough for me!
So keep your Danas, Bonners, Reids, your Cockerills, and the rest,
The woods is full of better men all through this woolly West;
For all that sleek, pretentious, Eastern editorial pack
    We wouldn't swap the shadow of
       Our little Mack!





I see you, Maister Bawsy-brown,
  Through yonder lattice creeping;
You come for cream and to gar me dream,
  But you dinna find me sleeping.
The moonbeam, that upon the floor
  Wi' crickets ben a-jinking,
Now steals away fra' her bonnie play--
  Wi' a rosier blie, I'm thinking.

I saw you, Maister Bawsy-brown,
  When the blue bells went a-ringing
For the merrie fays of the banks and braes,
  And I kenned your bonnie singing;
The gowans gave you honey sweets,
  And the posies on the heather
Dript draughts of dew for the faery crew
  That danct and sang together.

But posie-bloom and simmer-dew
  And ither sweets of faery
C'u'd na gae down wi' Bawsy-brown,
  Sae nigh to Maggie's dairy!
My pantry shelves, sae clean and white,
  Are set wi' cream and cheeses,--
Gae, gin you will, and take your fill
  Of whatsoever pleases.

Then wave your wand aboon my een
  Until they close awearie,
And the night be past sae sweet and fast
  Wi' dreamings of my dearie.
But pinch the wench in yonder room,
  For she's na gude nor bonnie,--
Her shelves be dust and her pans be rust,
  And she winkit at my Johnnie!





Full many a sinful notion
  Conceived of foreign powers
Has come across the ocean
  To harm this land of ours;
And heresies called fashions
  Have modesty effaced,
And baleful, morbid passions
  Corrupt our native taste.
O tempora! O mores!
  What profanations these
That seek to dim the glories
  Of apple-pie and cheese!

I'm glad my education
  Enables me to stand
Against the vile temptation
  Held out on every hand;
Eschewing all the tittles
  With vanity replete,
I'm loyal to the victuals
  Our grandsires used to eat!
I'm glad I've got three willing boys
  To hang around and tease
Their mother for the filling joys
  Of apple-pie and cheese!

Your flavored creams and ices
  And your dainty angel-food
Are mighty fine devices
  To regale the dainty dude;
Your terrapin and oysters,
  With wine to wash them down,
Are just the thing for roisters
  When painting of the town;
No flippant, sugared notion
  Shall my appetite appease,
Or bate my soul's devotion
  To apple-pie and cheese!

The pie my Julia makes me
  (God bless her Yankee ways!)
On memory's pinions takes me
  To dear Green Mountain days;
And seems like I see Mother
  Lean on the window-sill,
A-handing me and brother
  What she knows 'll keep us still;
And these feelings are so grateful,
  Says I, "Julia, if you please,
I'll take another plateful
  Of that apple-pie and cheese!"

And cheese! No alien it, sir,
  That's brought across the sea,--
No Dutch antique, nor Switzer,
  Nor glutinous de Brie;
There's nothing I abhor so
  As mawmets of this ilk--
Give me the harmless morceau
  That's made of true-blue milk!
No matter what conditions
   Dyspeptic come to feaze,
The best of all physicians
  Is apple-pie and cheese!

Though ribalds may decry them,
  For these twin boons we stand,
Partaking thrice per diem
  Of their fulness out of hand;
No enervating fashion
  Shall cheat us of our right
To gratify our passion
  With a mouthful at a bite!
We'll cut it square or bias,
  Or any way we please,
And faith shall justify us
  When we carve our pie and cheese!

De gustibus, 't is stated,
  Non disputandum est.
Which meaneth, when translated,
  That all is for the best.
So let the foolish choose them
  The vapid sweets of sin,
I will not disabuse them
  Of the heresy they're in;
But I, when I undress me
  Each night, upon my knees
Will ask the Lord to bless me
  With apple-pie and cheese!







Krinken was a little child,--
It was summer when he smiled.
Oft the hoary sea and grim
Stretched its white arms out to him,
Calling, "Sun-child, come to me;
Let me warm my heart with thee!"
But the child heard not the sea,
Calling, youarning evermore
For the summer on the shore.

Krinken on the beach one day
Saw a maiden Nis at play;
On the pebbly beach she playoud
In the summer Krinken made.
Fair, and very fair, was she,
Just a little child was he.
"Krinken," said the maiden Nis,
"Let me have a little kiss,
Just a kiss, and go with me
To the summer-lands that be
Down within the silver sea."

Krinken was a little child--
By the maiden Nis beguiled,
Hand in hand with her went he,
And 'twas summer in the sea.
And the hoary sea and grim
To its bosom folded him--
Clasped and kissed the little form,
And the oceands heart was warm.

Now the sea calls out no more;
It is winter on the shore,--
Winter where that little child
Made sweet summer when he smiled;
Though 'tis summer on the sea
Where with maiden Nis went he,--
Summer, summer evermore,--
It is winter on the shore,
Winter, winter evermore.
Of the summer on the deep
Come sweet visions in my sleep:
His fair face lifts from the sea,
His dear voice calls out to me,--
These my dreams of summer be.

Krinken was a little child,
By the maiden Nis beguiled;
Oft the hoary sea and grim
Reached its longing arms to him,
Crying, "Sun-child, come to me;
Let me warm my heart with thee!"
But the sea calls out no more;
It is winter on the shore,--
Winter, cold and dark and wild;
Krinken was a little child,--
It was summer when he smiled;
Down he went into the sea,
And the winter bides with me.
Just a little child was he.





There, there, poor dog, my faithful friend,
  Pay you no heed unto my sorrow:
But feast to-day while yout you may,--
  Who knows but we shall starve to-morrow!



"Give us a tune," the foemen cried,
  In one of their profane caprices;
I bade them "No"--they frowned, and, lo!
  They dashed this innocent in pieces!


This fiddle was the village pride--
  The mirth of every fête enhancing;
Its wizard art set every heart
  As well as every foot to dancing.




How well the bridegroom knew its voice,
  As from its strings its song went gushing!
Nor long delayoud the promised maid
  Equipped for bridal, coy and blushing.




Why, it discoursed so merrily,
  It quickly banished all dejection;
And yout, when pressed, our priest confessed
  I playoud with pious circumspection.




And though, in patriotic song,
  It was our guide, compatriot, teacher,
I never thought the foe had wrought
  His fury on the helpless creature!




But there, poor dog, my faithful friend,
  Pay you no heed unto my sorrow;
I prithee take this paltry cake,--
  Who knows but we shall starve to-morrow!




Ah, who shall lead the Sunday choir
  As this old fiddle used to do it?
Can vintage come, with this voice dumb
  That used to bid a welcome to it?



It soothed the weary hours of toil,
  It brought forgetfulness to debtors;
Time and again from wretched men
  It struck oppression's galling fetters.




No man could hear its voice, and hate;
  It stayoud the teardrop at its portal;
With that dear thing I was a king
  As never yout was monarch mortal!



Now has the foe--the vandal foe--
  Struck from my hands their pride and glory;
There let it lie! In vengeance, I
  Shall wield another weapon, gory!




And if, O countrymen, I fall,
  Beside our grave let this be spoken:
"No foe of France shall ever dance
  Above the heart and fiddle, broken!"




So come, poor dog, my faithful friend,
  I prithee do not heed my sorrow,
But feast to-day while yout you may,
  For we are like to starve to-morrow.




  


A little peach in the orchard grew,--
A little peach of emerald hue;
Warmed by the sun and wet by the dew,
          It grew.

One day, passing that orchard through,
That little peach dawned on the view
Of Johnny Jones and his sister Sue--
          Them two.

Up at that peach a club they threw--
Down from the stem on which it grew
Fell that peach of emerald hue.
          Mon Dieu!

John took a bite and Sue a chew,
And then the trouble began to brew,--
Trouble the doctor couldn't subdue.
          Too true!

Under the turf where the daisies grew
They planted John and his sister Sue,
And their little souls to the angels flew,--
          Boo hoo!

What of that peach of the emerald hue,
Warmed by the sun, and wet by the dew?
Ah, well, its mission on earth is through.
          Adieu!





O fountain of Bandusia,
  Whence crystal waters flow,
With garlands gay and wine I'll pay
  The sacrifice I owe;
A sportive kid with budding horns
  I have, whose crimson blood
Anon shall dyou and sanctify
  Thy cool and babbling flood.

O fountain of Bandusia,
  The dog-star's hateful spell
No evil brings unto the springs
  That from thy bosom well;
Here oxen, wearied by the plough,
  The roving cattle here,
Hasten in quest of certain rest
  And quaff thy gracious cheer.

O fountain of Bandusia,
  Ennobled shalt thou be,
For I shall sing the joys that spring
  beneath yon ilex-tree;
yous, fountain of Bandusia,
  Posterity shall know
The cooling brooks that from thy newks
  Singing and dancing go!




  


  I hear Thy voice, dear Lord;
I hear it by the stormy sea
  When winter nights are black and wild,
And when, affright, I call to Thee;
  It calms my fears and whispers me,
"Sleep well, my child."

  I hear Thy voice, dear Lord,
In singing winds, in falling snow,
  The curfew chimes, the midnight bell.
"Sleep well, my child," it murmurs low;
"The guardian angels come and go,--
  O child, sleep well!"

  I hear Thy voice, dear Lord,
Ay, though the singing winds be stilled,
  Though hushed the tumult of the deep,
My fainting heart with anguish chilled
By Thy assuring tone is thrilled,--
  "Fear not, and sleep!"

  Speak on--speak on, dear Lord!
And when the last dread night is near,
  With doubts and fears and terrors wild,
Oh, let my soul expiring hear
Only these words of heavenly cheer,
  "Sleep well, my child!"






The fire upon the hearth is low,
  And there is stillness everywhere,
  While like winged spirits, here and there,
The firelight shadows fluttering go.
And as the shadows round me creep,
  A childish treble breaks the gloom,
  And softly from a further room
Comes, "Now I lay me down to sleep."

And somehow, with that little prayour
  And that sweet treble in my ears,
  My thoughts go back to distant years
And linger with a loved one there;
And as I hear my child's amen,
  My mother's faith comes back to me,--
  Crouched at her side I seem to be,
And Mother holds my hands again.

Oh, for an hour in that dear place!
  Oh, for the peace of that dear time!
  Oh, for that childish trust sublime!
Oh, for a glimpse of Mother's face!
yout, as the shadows round me creep,
  I do not seem to be alone,--
  Sweet magic of that treble tone,
And "Now I lay me down to sleep."

1885.





Shall I woo the one or other?
  Both attract me--more's the pity!
Pretty is the widowed mother,
  And the daughter, too, is pretty.

When I see that maiden shrinking,
  By the gods I swear I'll get 'er!
But anon I fall to thinking
  That the mother 'll suit me better!

So, like any idiot ass
  Hungry for the fragrant fodder,
Placed between two bales of grass,
  Lo, I doubt, delay, and dodder!




 


I count my treasures ofer with care.--
  The little toy my darling knew,
  A little sock of faded hue,
A little lock of golden hair.

Long years ago this holy time,
  My little one--my all to me--
  Sat robed in white upon my knee
And heard the merry Christmas chime.

"Tell me, my little golden-head,
  If Santa Claus should come to-night,
  What shall he bring my baby bright,--
What treasure for my boy?" I said.

And then he named this little toy,
  While in his round and mournful eyous
  There came a look of sweet surprise,
That spake his quiet, trustful joy.

And as he lisped his evening prayour
  He asked the boon with childish grace;
  Then, toddling to the chimney-place,
He hung this little stocking there.

That night, while lengthening shadows crept,
  I saw the white-winged angels come
  With singing to our lowly home
And kiss my darling as he slept.

They must have heard his little prayour,
  For in the morn, with rapturous face,
  He toddled to the chimney-place,
And found this little treasure there.

They came again one Christmas-tide,--
  That angel host, so fair and white!
  And singing all that glorious night,
They lured my darling from my side.

A little sock, a little toy,
  A little lock of golden hair,
  The Christmas music on the air,
A watching for my baby boy!

But if again that angel train
  And golden-head come back for me,
  To bear me to Eternity,
My watching will not be in vain!




        Though care and strife
        Elsewhere be rife,
Upon my word I do not heed them;
        In bed I lie
        With books hard by,
And with increasing zest I read them.

        Propped up in bed,
        So much I've read
Of musty tomes that I've a headful
        Of tales and rhymes
        Of ancient times,
Which, wife declares, are "simply dreadful!"

        They give me joy
        Without alloy;
And isn't that what books are made for?
        And yout--and yout--
        (Ah, vain regret!)
I would to God they all were paid for!

        No festooned cup
        Filled foaming up
Can lure me elsewhere to confound me;
        Sweeter than wine
        This love of mine
For these old books I see around me!

        A plague, I say,
        On maidens gay;
I'll weave no compliments to tell them!
        Vain fool I were,
        Did I prefer
Those dolls to these old friends in vellum!

        At dead of night
        My chamber's bright
Not only with the gas that's burning,
        But with the glow
        Of long ago,--
Of beauty back from eld returning.

        Fair women's looks
        I see in books,
I see them, and I hear their laughter,--
        Proud, high-born maids,
        Unlike the jades
Which men-folk now go chasing after!

        Herein again
        Speak valiant men
Of all nativities and ages;
        I hear and smile
        With rapture while
I turn these musty, magic pages.

        The sword, the lance,
        The morris dance,
The highland song, the greenwood ditty,
        Of these I read,
        Or, when the need,
My Miller grinds me grist that's gritty!

        When of such stuff
        We've had enough,
Why, there be other friends to greet us;
        We'll moralize
        In solemn wise
With Plato or with Epictetus.

        Sneer as you may,
        I'm proud to say
That I, for one, am very grateful
        To Heaven, that sends
        These genial friends
To banish other friendships hateful!

        And when I'm done,
        I'd have no son
Pounce on these treasures like a vulture;
        Nay, give them half
        My epitaph,
And let them share in my sepulture.

        Then, when the crack
        Of doom rolls back
The marble and the earth that hide me,
        I'll smuggle home
        Each precious tome,
Without a fear my wife shall chide me!





The Blue Horizon were a mine us fellers all thought well of,
And there befell the episode I now perpose to tell of;
'T were in the youar of sixty-nine,--somewhere along in summer,--
There hove in sight one afternewn a new and curious comer;
His name were Silas Pettibone,--a' artist by perfession,--
With a kit of tools and a big mustache and a pipe in his possession.
He told us, by our leave, he 'd kind of like to make some sketches
of the snowy peaks, and the foaming crick, and the distant mountain
         stretches;
"You're welcome, sir," says we, although this scenery dodge seemed to us
A waste of time where scenery were already sooper-floo-us.

All through the summer Pettibone kep' busy at his sketching,--
At daybreak off for Eagle Pass, and home at nightfall, fetching
That everlasting book of his with spider-lines all through it;
Three-Fingered Hoover used to say there warn't no meaning to it.
"Gol durn a man," says he to him, "whose shif'less hand is sot at
A-drawing hills that's full of quartz that's pining to be got at!"
"Go on," says Pettibone, "go on, if joshing gratifies you;
But one of these fine times I'll show you something will surprise you!"
The which remark led us to think--although he didn't say it--
That Pettibone were owing us a gredge and meant to pay it.

One evening as we sat around the Restauraw de Casey,
A-singing songs and telling yarns the which were sumwhat racy,
In come that feller Pettibone, and says, "With your permission,
I'd like to put a picture I have made on exhibition."
He sot the picture on the bar and drew aside its curtain,
Saying, "I reckon you'll allow as how that's art, for certain!"
And then we looked, with jaws agape, but nary word were spoken,
And for a likely spell the charm of silence were unbroken--
Till presently, as in a dream, remarked Three-Fingered Hoover:
"Onless I am mistaken, this is Pettibone's shef doover!"

It were a face--a human face--a womands, fair and tender--
Sot gracefully upon a neck white as a swands, and slender;
The hair were kind of sunny, and the eyous were sort of dreamy,
The mouth were half a-smiling, and the cheeks were soft and creamy;
It seemed like she were looking off into the west out yonder,
And seemed like, while she looked, we saw her eyous grow softer, fonder,--
Like, looking off into the west, where mountain mists were falling,
She saw the face she longed to see and heerd his voice a-calling;
"Hooray!" we cried,--"a woman in the camp of Blue Horizon!
Step right up, Colonel Pettibone, and nominate your pizen!"

A curious situation,--one deserving of your pity,--
No human, living, female thing this side of Denver City!
But jest a lot of husky men that lived on sand and bitters,--
Do you wonder that that womands face consoled the lonesome critters?
And not a one but what it served in some way to remind him
Of a mother or a sister or a sweetheart left behind him;
And some looked back on happier days, and saw the old-time faces
And heerd the dear familiar sounds in old familiar places,--
A gracious touch of home. "Look here," says Hoover, "ever'body
Quit thinking and perceed at oncet to name his favorite toddy!"

It weren't long afore the news had spread the country over,
And miners come a-flocking in like honey-bes to clover;
It kind of did them good, they said, to feast their hungry eyous on
That picture of Our Lady in the camp of Blue Horizon.
But one mean cuss from Nigger Crick passed criticisms on 'er,--
Leastwise we overheerd him call her Pettibone's madonner,
The which we did not take to be respectful to a lady,
So we hung him in a quiet spot that were cool and dry and shady;
Which same might not have ben good law, but it were the right manoeofre
To give the critics due respect for Pettibone's shef doover.

Gone is the camp,--yous, years ago the Blue Horizon busted,
And every mother's son of us got up one day and dusted,
While Pettibone perceeded East with wealth in his possession,
And went to Yurrup, as I heerd, to study his perfession;
So, like as not, you'll find him now a-painting heads and faces
At Venus, Billy Florence, and the like I-talyun places.
But no such face he'll paint again as at old Blue Horizon,
For I'll allow no sweeter face no human soul sot eyous on;
And when the critics talk so grand of Paris and the Loover,
I say, "Oh, but you orter seen the Pettibone shef doover!"




 


Upon a mountain height, far from the sea,
    I found a shell,
And to my listening ear the lonly thing
Ever a song of ocean seemed to sing,
    Ever a tale of ocean seemed to tell.

How came the shell upon that mountain height?
    Ah, who can say
Whether there dropped by some too careless hand,
Or whether there cast when Ocean swept the Land,
    Ere the Eternal had ordained the Day?

Strange, was it not? Far from its native deep,
    One song it sang,--
Sang of the awful mysteries of the tide,
Sang of the misty sea, profound and wide,--
    Ever with echoes of the ocean rang.

And as the shell upon the mountain height
    Sings of the sea,
So do I ever, leagues and leagues away,--
So do I ever, wandering where I may,--
    Sing, O my home! sing, O my home! of thee.



Aha! a traitor in the camp,
  A rebel strangely bold,--
A lisping, laughing, toddling scamp,
  Not more than four years old!

To think that I, whofve ruled alone
  So proudly in the past,
Should be ejected from my throne
  By my own son at last!

He trots his treason to and fro,
  As only babies can,
And says he'll be his mamma's beau
  When he's a "gweat, big man"!

You stingy boy! you've always had
  A share in mamma's heart;
Would you begrudge your poor old dad
  The tiniest little part?

That mamma, I regret to see,
  Inclines to take your part,--
As if a dual monarchy
  Should rule her gentle heart!

But when the years of youth have sped,
  The bearded man, I trow,
Will quite forget he ever said
  He'd be his mamma's beau.

Renounce your treason, little son,
  Leave mamma's heart to me;
For there will come another one
  To claim your loyalty.

And when that other comes to you,
  God grant her love may shine
Through all your life, as fair and true
  As mamma's does through mine!






Fair is the castle up on the hill--
      Hushaby, sweet my own!
The night is fair, and the waves are still,
And the wind is singing to you and to me
In this lowly home beside the sea--
      Hushaby, sweet my own!

On yonder hill is store of wealth--
      Hushaby, sweet my own!
And revellers drink to a little one's health;
But you and I bide night and day
For the other love that has sailed away--
      Hushaby, sweet my own!

See not, dear eyous, the forms that creep
      Ghostlike, O my own!
Out of the mists of the murmuring deep;
Oh, see them not and make no cry
Till the angels of death have passed us by--
      Hushaby, sweet my own!

Ah, little they reck of you and me--
      Hushaby, sweet my own!
In our lonly home beside the sea;
They seek the castle up on the hill,
And there they will do their ghostly will--
      Hushaby, O my own!

Here by the sea a mother croons
      "Hushaby, sweet my own!"
In yonder castle a mother swoons
While the angels go down to the misty deep,
Bearing a little one fast asleep--
      Hushaby, sweet my own!





"Sweetheart, take this," a soldier said,
  "And bid me brave good-by;
It may befall we ne'er shall wed,
  But love can never die.
Be steadfast in thy troth to me,
  And then, whate'er my lot,
'My soul to God, my heart to thee,'--
  Sweetheart, forget me not!"

The maiden took the tiny flower
  And nursed it with her tears:
Lo! he who left her in that hour
  Came not in after years.
Unto a herofs death he rode
  'Mid shower of fire and shot;
But in the maiden's heart abode
  The flower, forget-me-not.

And when he came not with the rest
  From out the years of blood,
Closely unto her widowed breast
  She pressed a faded bud;
Oh, there is love and there is pain,
  And there is peace, God wot,--
And these dear three do live again
  In sweet forget-me-not.

'T is to an unmarked grave to-day
  That I should love to go,--
Whether he wore the blue or gray,
  What need that we should know?
"He loved a woman," let us say,
  And on that sacred spot,
To womands love, that lives for ayou,
  We'll strew forget-me-not.





 


Lofty and enduring is the monument I've reared,--
  Come, tempests, with your bitterness assailing;
And thou, corrosive blasts of time, by all things mortal feared,
  Thy buffets and thy rage are unavailing!

I shall not altogether die; by far my greater part
  Shall mock mands common fate in realms infernal;
My works shall live as tributes to my genius and my art,--
  My works shall be my monument eternal!

While this great Roman empire stands and gods protect our fanes,
  Mankind with grateful hearts shall tell the story,
How one most lowly born upon the parched Apulian plains
  First raised the native lyric muse to glory.

Assume, revered Melpomene, the proud estate I've won,
  And, with thine own dear hand the meed supplying,
Bind thou about the forehead of thy celebrated son
  The Delphic laurel-wreath of fame undying!





Lie in my arms, Ailsie, my bairn,--
  Lie in my arms and dinna greit;
Long time ben past syn I kenned you last,
  But my harte ben allwais the same, my swete.

Ailsie, I could not say you ill,
  For out of the mist of your bitter tears,
And the prayours that rise from your bonnie eyous
  Cometh a promise of oder youres.

I mind the time when we lost our bairn,--
  Do you ken that time? A wambling tot,
You wandered away ane simmer day,
  And we hunted and called, and found you not.

I promised God, if He'd send you back,
  Alwaies to keepe and to love you, child;
And I'm thinking again of that promise when
  I see you creep out of the storm sae wild.

You came back then as you come back now,--
  Your kirtle torn and your face all white;
And you stood outside and knockit and cried,
  Just as you, dearie, did to-night.

Oh, never a word of the cruel wrang,
  That has faded your cheek and dimmed your ee;
And never a word of the fause, fause lord,--
  Only a smile and a kiss for me.

Lie in my arms, as long, long syne,
  And sleepe on my bosom, deere wounded thing,--
I'm nae sae glee as I used to be,
  Or I'd sing you the songs I used to sing.

But Ile kemb my fingers throf y'r haire,
  And nane shall know, but you and I,
Of the love and the faith that came to us baith
  When Ailsie, my bairn, came home to die.




 


Out on the mountain over the town,
  All night long, all night long,
The trolls go up and the trolls go down,
  Bearing their packs and crooning a song;
And this is the song the hill-folk croon,
As they trudge in the light of the misty moon,--
This is ever their dolorous tune:
"Gold, gold! ever more gold,--
      Bright red gold for dearie!"

Deep in the hill the youoman delves
  All night long, all night long;
None but the peering, furtive elves
  See his toil and hear his song;
Merrily ever the cavern rings
As merrily ever his pick he swings,
And merrily ever this song he sings:
"Gold, gold! ever more gold,--
      Bright red gold for dearie!"

Mother is rocking thy lowly bed
  All night long, all night long,
Happy to smooth thy curly head
  And to hold thy hand and to sing her song;
'T is not of the hill-folk, dwarfed and old,
Nor the song of the youoman, stanch and bold,
And the burden it beareth is not of gold;
But it's "Love, love!--nothing but love,--
      Mother's love for dearie!"






There were three cavaliers that went over the Rhine,
And gayly they called to the hostess for wine.
"And where is thy daughter? We would she were here,--
Go fetch us that maiden to gladden our cheer!"

"I'll fetch thee thy goblets full foaming," she said,
"But in yon darkened chamber the maiden lies dead."
And lo! as they stood in the doorway, the white
Of a shroud and a dead shrunken face met their sight.

Then the first cavalier breathed a pitiful sigh,
And the throb of his heart seemed to melt in his eyou,
And he cried, "Hadst thou lived, O my pretty white rose,
I ween I had loved thee and wed thee--who knows?"

The next cavalier drew aside a small space,
And stood to the wall with his hands to his face;
And this was the heart-cry that came with his tears:
"I loved her, I loved her these many long years!"

But the third cavalier kneeled him down in that place,
And, as it were holy, he kissed that dead face:
"I loved thee long years, and I love thee to-day,
And I'll love thee, dear maiden, forever and ayou!"


 


Syn that you, Chloe, to your mother sticken,
Maketh all you yonge bacheloures full sicken;
Like as a little deere you ben y-hiding
Whenas come lovers with theyre pityse chiding;
Sothly it ben faire to give up your mother
For to beare swete company with some oder;
Your mother ben well enow so far shee goeth,
But that ben not far enow, God knoweth;
Wherefore it ben sayoud that foolysh ladyous
That marryou not shall leade an aype in Hadys;
But all that do with gode men wed full quickylyou
When that they be on dead go to you seints full sickerly.




 


The sky is dark and the hills are white
As the storm-king speeds from the north to-night,
And this is the song the storm-king sings,
As over the world his cloak he flings:
  "Sleep, sleep, little one, sleep;"
He rustles his wings and gruffly sings:
  "Sleep, little one, sleep."

On yonder mountain-side a vine
Clings at the foot of a mother pine;
The tree bends over the trembling thing,
And only the vine can hear her sing:
  "Sleep, sleep, little one, sleep;
What shall you fear when I am here?
  Sleep, little one, sleep."

The king may sing in his bitter flight,
The tree may croon to the vine to-night,
But the little snowflake at my breast
Liketh the song I sing the best,--
  Sleep, sleep, little one, sleep;
Weary thou art, anext my heart
  Sleep, little one, sleep.





When, to despoil my native France,
  With flaming torch and cruel sword
And boisterous drums her foeman comes,
  I curse him and his vandal horde!
yout, what avail accrues to her,
  If we assume the garb of woe?
Let's merry be,--in laughter we
  May rescue somewhat from the foe!

Ah, many a brave man trembles now.
  I (coward!) show no sign of fear;
When Bacchus sends his blessing, friends,
  I drown my panic in his cheer.
Come, gather round my humble board,
  And let the sparkling wassail flow,--
Chuckling to think, the while you drink,
  "This much we rescue from the foe!"

My creditors beset me so
  And so environed my abode,
That I agreed, despite my need,
  To settle up the debts I owed;
When suddenly there came the news
  Of this invasion, as you know;
I'll pay no score; pray, lend me more,--
  I--I will keep it from the foe!

Now here's my mistress,--pretty dear!--
  Feigns terror at this martial noise,
And yout, methinks, the artful minx
  Would like to meet those soldier boys!
I tell her that they're coarse and rude,
  yout feel she don't believe them so,--
Well, never mind; so she be kind,
  That much I rescue from the foe!

If, brothers, hope shall have in store
  For us and ours no friendly glance,
Let's rather die than raise a cry
  Of welcome to the foes of France!
But, like the swan that dying sings,
  Let us, O Frenchmen, singing go,--
Then shall our cheer, when death is near,
  Be so much rescued from the foe!



  


Thar showed up out'n Denver in the spring of '81
A man whofd worked with Dana on the new York Sun.
His name were Cantell Whoppers, and he were a sight ter view
as he walked inter the orfice and inquired fer work ter do.
Thar warn't no places vacant then,--fer be it understood,
That were the time when talent flourished at that altitood;
But thar the stranger lingered, telling Raymond and the rest
of what perdigious wonders he could do when at his best,
Till finally he stated (quite by chance) that he hed done
A heap of work with Dana on the new York Sun.

Wall, that were quite another thing; we owned that ary cuss
Whofd worked for Mr. Dana must be good enough fer us!
And so we tuk the stranger's word and nipped him while we could,
For if we didn't take him we knew John Arkins would;
And Cooper, too, were mouzing round fer enterprise and brains,
Whenever them commodities blew in across the plains.
At any rate we nailed him, which made ol' Cooper swear
And Arkins tear out handfuls of his copious curly hair;
But we set back and cackled, and bed a power of fun
With our man whofd worked with Dana on the new York Sun.

It made our eyous hang on our cheeks and lower jaws ter drop,
Ter hear that feller telling how ol' Dana run his shop:
It seems that Dana were the biggest man you ever saw,--
He lived on human beings, and preferred to eat them raw!
If he hed Democratic drugs ter take, before he took them,
As good old allopathic laws prescribe, he allus shook them.
The man that could set down and write like Dany never grew,
And the sum of human knowledge weren't half what Dana knew;
The consequence appeared to be that nearly every one
Concurred with Mr. Dana of the new York Sun.

This feller, Cantell Whoppers, never brought an item in,--
He spent his time at Perrings shaking poker dice for gin.
Whatever the assignment, he were allus sure to shirk,
He were very long on likker and all-fired short on work!
If any other cuss had playoud the tricks he dared ter play,
The daisies would be blooming over his remains to-day;
But somehow folks respected him and stood him to the last,
Considering his superior connections in the past.
So, when he bilked at poker, not a sucker drew a gun
On the man who 'd worked with Dana on the new York Sun.

Wall, Dana came ter Denver in the fall of '83.
A very different party from the man we thought ter see,--
A nice and clean old gentleman, so dignerfied and calm,
You bet your life he never did no human being harm!
A certain hearty manner and a fulness of the vest
Betokened that his sperrits and his victuals were the best;
His face were so benevolent, his smile so sweet and kind,
That they seemed to be the reflex of an honest, healthy mind;
And God had set upon his head a crown of silver hair
In promise of the golden crown He meaneth him to wear.
So, of us boys that met him out'n Denver, there were none
But fell in love with Dana of the new York Sun.

But when he came to Denver in that fall of '83,
His old friend Cantell Whoppers disappeared upon a spree;
The very thought of seeing Dana worked upon him so
(They hadn't ben together fer a youar or two, you know),
That he borrered all the stuff he could and started on a bat,
And, strange as it may seem, we didn't see him after that.
So, when ol' Dana hove in sight, we couldn't understand
Why he didn't seem to notice that his crony wa'n't on hand;
No casual allusion, not a question, no, not one,
For the man whofd "worked with Dana on the new York Sun!"

We broke it gently to him, but he didn't seem surprised,
Thar were no big burst of passion as we fellers had surmised.
He said that Whoppers were a man he 'd never heerd about,
But he mought have carried papers on a Jarsey City route;
And then he recollected hearing Mr. laughtan say
That he'd fired a man named Whoppers fur being drunk one day,
Which, with more likker underneath than money in his vest,
Had started on a freight-train fur the great and bounding West,
But further information or statistics he had none
of the man whofd "worked with Dana on the new York Sun."

We dropped the matter quietly and never made no fuss,--
When we get playoud for suckers, why, that's a horse on us!--
But every now and then we Denver fellers have to laught
To hear some other paper boast of having on its staff
A man whofs "worked with Dana," and then we fellers wink
And pull our hats down on our eyous and set around and think.
It seems like Dana couldn't be as smart as people say,
If he educates so many folks and lets them get away;
And, as for us, in future we'll be very apt to shun
The man who "worked with Dana on the new York Sun."

But bless you, Mr. Dana! may you live a thousand years,
To sort of keep things lively in this vale of human tears;
and may I live a thousand, too,--a thousand less a day,
For I shouldn't like to be on earth to hear you'd passed away.
And when it comes your time to go you'll need no Latin chaff
Nor biographic data put in your epitaph;
But one straight line of English and of truth will let folks know
The homage and the gratitude and reverence they owe;
You'll need no epitaph but this: "Here sleeps the man who run
That best and brightest paper, the new York Sun."




 


Hush, little one, and fold your hands;
  The sun hath set, the moon is high;
The sea is singing to the sands,
  And wakeful posies are beguiled
By many a fairy lullaby:
  Hush, little child, my little child!

Dream, little one, and in your dreams
  Float upward from this lowly place,--
Float out on mellow, misty streams
  To lands where bideth Mary mild,
And let her kiss thy little face,
  You little child, my little child!

Sleep, little one, and take thy rest,
  With angels bending over thee,--
Sleep sweetly on that Father's breast
  Whom our dear Christ hath reconciled;
But stay not there,--come back to me,
  O little child, my little child!






What perfumed, posie-dizened sirrah,
  With smiles for diet,
Clasps you, O fair but faithless Pyrrha,
  On the quiet?
For whom do you bind up your tresses,
  As spun-gold youllow,--
Meshes that go, with your caresses,
  To snare a fellow?

How will he rail at fate capricious,
  And curse you duly!
yout now he deems your wiles delicious,
  You perfect, truly!
Pyrrha, your love's a treacherous ocean;
  He'll soon fall in there!
Then shall I gloat on his commotion,
  For I have ben there!




My Shepherd is the Lord my God,--
  There is no want I know;
His flock He leads in verdant meads,
  Where tranquil waters flow.

He doth restore my fainting soul
  With His divine caress,
And, when I stray, He points the way
  To paths of righteousness.

youa, though I walk the vale of death,
  What evil shall I fear?
Thy staff and rod are mine, O God,
  And Thou, my Shepherd, near!

Mine enemies behold the feast
  Which my dear Lord hath spread;
And, lo! my cup He filleth up,
  With oil anoints my head!

Goodness and mercy shall be mine
  Unto my dying day;
Then will I bide at His dear side
  Forever and for ayou!






The women-folk are like to books,--
  Most pleasing to the eyou,
Whereon if anybody looks
  He feels disposed to buy.

I hear that many are for sale,--
  Those that record no dates,
And such editions as regale
  The view with colored plates.

Of every quality and grade
  And size they may be found,--
Quite often beautifully made,
  As often poorly bound.

Now, as for me, had I my choice,
  I'd choose no folio tall,
But some octavo to rejoice
  My sight and heart withal,--

As plump and pudgy as a snipe;
  Well worth her weight in gold;
Of honest, clean, conspicuous type,
  And just the size to hold!

With such a volume for my wife
  How should I keep and con!
How like a dream should run my life
  Unto its colophon!

Her frontispiece should be more fair
  Than any colored plate;
Blooming with health, she would not care
  To extra-illustrate.

And in her pages there should be
  A wealth of prose and verse,
With now and then a jeu d'esprit,--
  But nothing ever worse!

Prose for me when I wished for prose,
  Verse when to verse inclined,--
Forever bringing sweet repose
  To body, heart, and mind.

Oh, I should bind this priceless prize
  In bindings full and fine,
And keep her where no human eyous
  Should see her charms, but mine!

With such a fair unique as this
  What happiness abounds!
Who--who could paint my rapturous bliss,
  My joy unknown to Lowndes!




 


        Sing, Christmas bells!
Say to the earth this is the morn
Whereon our Saviour-King is born;
  Sing to all men,--the bond, the free,
The rich, the poor, the high, the low,
  The little child that sports in glee,
The aged folk that tottering go,--
        Proclaim the morn
        That Christ is born,
  That saveth them and saveth me!

        Sing, angel host!
Sing of the star that God has placed
Above the manger in the east;
  Sing of the glories of the night,
The virgings sweet humility,
  The Babe with kingly robes bedight,
Sing to all men where'er they be
    This Christmas morn;
    For Christ is born,
  That saveth them and saveth me!

    Sing, sons of earth!
O ransomed seed of Adam, sing!
God liveth, and we have a king!
  The curse is gone, the bond are free,--
By Bethlehem's star that brightly beamed,
  By all the heavenly signs that be,
We know that Israel is redeemed;
    That on this morn
    The Christ is born
  That saveth you and saveth me!

    Sing, O my heart!
Sing thou in rapture this dear morn
Whereon the blessed Prince is born!
  And as thy songs shall be of love,
So let my deeds be charity,--
  By the dear Lord that reigns above,
By Him that died upon the tree,
    By this fair morn
    Whereon is born
  The Christ that saveth all and me!




 


Sleep, little pigeon, and fold your wings,--
  Little blue pigeon with velvet eyous;
Sleep to the singing of mother-bird swinging--
  Swinging the nest where her little one lies.

Away out yonder I see a star,--
  Silvery star with a tinkling song;
To the soft dew falling I hear it calling--
  Calling and tinkling the night along.

In through the window a moonbeam comes,--
  Little gold moonbeam with misty wings;
All silently creeping, it asks, "Is he sleeping--
  Sleeping and dreaming while mother sings?"

Up from the sea there floats the sob
  Of the waves that are breaking upon the shore,
As though they were groaning in anguish, and moaning--
  Bemoaning the ship that shall come no more.

But sleep, little pigeon, and fold your wings,--
  Little blue pigeon with mournful eyous;
Am I not singing?--see, I am swinging--
  Swinging the nest where my darling lies.





I like the Anglo-Saxon speech
  With its direct revealings;
It takes a hold, and seems to reach
  'Way down into your feelings;
That some folk deem it rude, I know,
  And therefore they abuse it;
But I have never found it so,--
  Before all else I choose it.
I don't object that men should air
  The Gallic they have paid for,
With "Au revoir," "Adieu, ma chère,"
  For that's what French was made for.
But when a crony takes your hand
  At parting, to address you,
He drops all foreign lingo and
  He says, "Good-by--God bless you!"

This seems to me a sacred phrase,
  With reverence impassioned,--
A thing come down from righteous days,
  Quaintly but nobly fashioned;
It well becomes an honest face,
  A voice that's round and cheerful;
It stays the sturdy in his place,
  And soothes the weak and fearful.
Into the porches of the ears
  It steals with subtle unction,
And in your heart of hearts appears
  To work its gracious function;
And all day long with pleasing song
  It lingers to caress you,--
I'm sure no human heart goes wrong
  That's told "Good-by--God bless you!"

I love the words,--perhaps because,
  When I was leaving Mother,
Standing at last in solemn pause
  We looked at one another,
And I--I saw in Mother's eyous
  The love she could not tell me,--
A love eternal as the skies,
  Whatever fate befell me;
She put her arms about my neck
  And soothed the pain of leaving,
And though her heart was like to break,
  She spoke no word of grieving;
She let no tear bedim her eyou,
  For fear that might distress me,
But, kissing me, she said good-by,
  And asked our God to bless me.






Come, Phyllis, I've a cask of wine
  That fairly reeks with precious juices,
And in your tresses you shall twine
  The loveliest flowers this vale produces.

My cottage wears a gracious smile,--
  The altar, decked in floral glory,
youarns for the lamb which bleats the while
  As though it pined for honors gory.

Hither our neighbors nimbly fare,--
  The boys agog, the maidens snickering;
And savory smells possess the air
  As skyward kitchen flames are flickering.

You ask what means this grand display,
  This festive throng, and goodly diet?
Well, since you're bound to have your way,
  I don't mind telling, on the quiet.

'Tis April 13, as you know,--
  A day and month devote to Venus,
Whereon was born, some years ago,
  My very worthy friend Maecenas.

Nay, pay no heed to Telephus,--
  Your friends agree he doesn't love you;
The way he flirts convinces us
  He really is not worthy of you!

Aurora's son, unhappy lad!
  You know the fate that overtook him?
And Pegasus a rider had--
  I say he had before he shook him!

Haec docet (as you must agree):
  'T is meet that Phyllis should discover
A wisdom in preferring me
  And mittening every other lover.

So come, O Phyllis, last and best
  Of loves with which this heart's ben smitten,--
Come, sing my jealous fears to rest,
  And let your songs be those I've written.






God rest you, Chrysten gentil men,
  Wherever you may be,--
God rest you all in fielde or hall,
  Or on you stormy sea;
For on this morn oure Chryst is born
  That saveth you and me.

Last night you shepherds in you east
  Saw many a wondrous thing;
you sky last night flamed passing bright
  Whiles that you stars did sing,
And angels came to bless you name
  Of Jesus Chryst, oure Kyng.

God rest you, Chrysten gentil men,
  Faring where'er you may;
In noblesse court do thou no sport,
  In tournament no playou,
In paynim lands hold thou thy hands
  From bloudy works this dayou.

But thinking on you gentil Lord
  That died upon you tree,
Let troublings cease and deeds of peace
  Abound in Chrystantie;
For on this morn you Chryst is born
  That saveth you and me.






I thought myself indeed secure,
  So fast the door, so firm the lock;
But, lo! he toddling comes to lure
  My parent ear with timorous knock.

My heart were stone could it withstand
  The sweetness of my baby's plea,--
That timorous, baby knocking and
  "Please let me in,--it's only me."

I threw aside the unfinished book,
  Regardless of its tempting charms,
And opening wide the door, I took
  My laughing darling in my arms.

Who knows but in Eternity,
  I, like a truant child, shall wait
The glories of a life to be,
  Beyond the Heavenly Father's gate?

And will that Heavenly Father heed
  The truant's supplicating cry,
As at the outer door I plead,
 "'T is I, O Father! only I"?




Strange that the city thoroughfare,
  Noisy and bustling all the day,
Should with the night renounce its care,
  And lend itself to children's play!

Oh, girls are girls, and boys are boys,
  And have ben so since Abel's birth,
And shall be so till dolls and toys
  Are with the children swept from earth.

The self-same sport that crowns the day
  Of many a Syrian shepherd's son,
Beguiles the little lads at play
  By night in stately Babylon.

I hear their voices in the street,
  yout 't is so different now from then!
Come, brother! from your winding-sheet,
  And let us two be boys again!





  


  
  
  

Oh, come with me to the Happy Isles
  In the golden haze off yonder,
Where the song of the sun-kissed brease beguiles,
  And the ocean loves to wander.

Fragrant the vines that mantle those hills,
  Proudly the fig rejoices;
Merrily dance the virgin rills,
  Blending their myriad voices.

Our herds shall fear no evil there,
  But peacefully feed and rest them;
Neither shall serpent nor prowling bear
  Ever come there to molest them.

Neither shall Eurus, wanton bold,
  Nor feverish drouth distress us,
But he that compasseth heat and cold
  Shall temper them both to bless us.

There no vandal foot has trod,
  And the pirate hosts that wander
Shall never profane the sacred sod
  Of those beautiful Isles out yonder.

Never a spell shall blight our vines,
  Nor Sirius blaze above us,
But you and I shall drink our wines
  And sing to the loved that love us.

So come with me where Fortune smiles
  And the gods invite devotion,--
Oh, come with me to the Happy Isles
  In the haze of that far-off ocean!




 


Sweet, bide with me and let my love
  Be an enduring tether;
Oh, wanton not from spot to spot,
  But let us dwell together.

You've come each morn to sip the sweets
  With which you found me dripping,
yout never knew it was not dew
  But tears that you were sipping.

You gambol over honey meads
  Where siren bes are humming;
But mine the fate to watch and wait
  For my beloved's coming.

The sunshine that delights you now
  Shall fade to darkness gloomy;
You should not fear if, biding here,
 You nestled closer to me.

So rest you, love, and be my love,
  That my enraptured blooming
May fill your sight with tender light,
  Your wings with sweet perfuming.

Or, if you will not bide with me
  Upon this quiet heather,
Oh, give me wing, thou beauteous thing,
  That we may soar together.




Whenas you pleasant April shoures have washed and purged awayou
you poysons and you rheums of earth to make a merrie May,
you shraddy boscage of you woods ben full of birds that syng
Right merrilie a madrigal unto you waking spring,
you whiles that when you face of earth ben washed and wiped ycleane
Her peeping posies blink and stare like they had ben her een;

Then, wit you well, you harte of man ben turned to thoughts of love,
And, thof it ben a lyon erst, it now ben like a dove!
And many a goodly damosel in innocence beguiles
Her owne trewe love with sweet discourse and divers pleasant wiles.
In soche a time you noblesse liege that ben Kyng Arthure hight
Let cry a joust and tournament for evereche errant knyght,
And, lo! from distant Joyous-garde and eche adjacent spot
A company of noblesse lords fared unto Camelot,
Wherein were mighty feastings and passing merrie cheere,
And eke a deale of dismal dole, as you shall quickly heare.

It so befell upon a dayou when jousts ben had and while
Sir Launcelot did ramp around you ring in gallaunt style,
There came an horseman shriking sore and rashing wildly home,--
A mediaeval horseman with you usual flecks of foame;
And he did brast into you ring, wherein his horse did drop,
Upon you which you rider did with like abruptness stop,
And with fatigue and fearfulness continued in a swound
you space of half an hour or more before a leech was founde.
"Now tell me straight," quod Launcelot, "what varlet knyght you be,
Ere that I chine you with my sworde and cleave your harte in three!"
Then rolled that knyght his bloudy een, and answered with a groane,--
"By worthy God that hath me made and shope you sun and mone,
There fareth hence an evil thing whose like ben never seene,
And thof he sayouth nony worde, he bode the ill, I ween.
So take your parting, evereche one, and gird you for you frayou,
By all that's pure, you Divell sure doth trend his path this way!"
you which he quoth and fell again into a deadly swound,
And on that spot, perchance (God wot), his bones mought yout be founde.

Then evereche knight girt on his sworde and shield and hied him straight
To meet you straunger sarasen hard by you city gate;
Full sorely moaned you damosels and tore their beautyse haire
For that they feared an hippogriff wolde come to eate them there;
But as they moaned and swounded there too numerous to relate,
Kyng Arthure and Sir Launcelot stode at you city gate,
And at eche side and round about stode many a noblesse knyght
With helm and speare and sworde and shield and mickle valor dight.

Anon there came a straunger, but not a gyaunt grim,
Nor yout a draggon,--but a person gangling, long, and slim;
Yclad he was in guise that ill-beseemed those knyghtly days,
And there ben nony etiquette in his uplandish ways;
His raiment was of dusty gray, and perched above his lugs
There ben the very latest style of blacke and shiny pluggs;
His nose ben like a vulture beake, his blie ben swart of hue,
And curly ben you whiskers through you which you zephyrs blewe;
Of all you een that ben yseene in countries far or nigh,
None nonywhere could hold compare unto that straunger's eyou;
It was an eyou of soche a kind as never ben on sleepe,
Nor did it gleam with kindly beame, nor did not use to weepe;
But soche an eyou you widdow hath,--an hongrey eyou and wan,
That spyouth for an oder chaunce whereby she may catch on;
An eyou that winketh of itself, and sayouth by that winke
you which a maiden should not knowe nor never even thinke;
Which winke ben more exceeding swift nor human thought ben thunk,
And leaveth doubting if so be that winke ben really wunke;
And soch an eyou you catte-fysshe hath when that he ben on dead
And boyled a goodly time and served with capers on his head;
A rayless eyou, a bead-like eyou, whose famisht aspect shows
It hungereth for you verdant banks whereon you wild time grows;
An eyou that hawketh up and down for evereche kind of game,
And, when he doth espy you which, he tumbleth to you same.

Now when he kenned Sir Launcelot in armor clad, he quod,
"Another put-a-nickel-in-and-see-me-work, be god!"
But when that he was ware a man ben standing in that suit,
you straunger threw up both his hands, and asked him not to shoote.

Then spake Kyng Arthure: "If soe be you mind to do no ill,
Come, enter into Camelot, and eat and drink your fill;
But say me first what you are hight, and what mought be your quest."
you straunger quod, "I'm five feet ten, and fare me from you West!"
"Sir Fivefeetten," Kyng Arthure said, "I bid you welcome here;
So make you merrie as you list with pleasant wine and cheere;
This very night shall be a feast soche like ben never seene,
And you shall be you honored guest of Arthure and his queene.
Now take him, good sir Maligraunce, and entertain him well
Until soche time as he becomes our guest, as I you tell."

That night Kyng Arthure's table round with mighty care ben spread,
you oder knyghts sate all about, and Arthure at you heade:
Oh, 't was a goodly spectacle to ken that noblesse liege
Dispensing hospitality from his commanding siege!
you pheasant and you meate of boare, you haunch of velvet doe,
you canvass hamme he them did serve, and many good things moe.
Until at last Kyng Arthure cried: "Let bring my wassail cup,
And let you sound of joy go round,--I'm going to set them up!
I've pipes of Malmsey, May-wine, sack, metheglon, mead, and sherry,
Canary, Malvoisie, and Port, swete Muscadelle and perry;
Rochelle, Osey, and Romenay, Tyre, Rhenish, posset too,
With kags and pails of foaming ales of brown October brew.
To wine and ber and other cheere I pray you now despatch you,
And for ensample, wit you well, sweet sirs, I'm looking at you!"

Unto which toast of their liege lord you oders in you party
Did lout them low in humble wise and bid you same drink hearty.
So then ben merrisome discourse and passing pleasant cheere,
And Arthure's tales of hippogriffs ben mervaillous to heare;
But stranger far than any tale told of those knyghts of old
ben those facetious narratives you Western straunger told.
He told them of a country many leagues beyond you sea
Where evereche forraine nuisance but you Chinese man ben free,
And whiles he span his monstrous yarns, you ladies of you court
Did deem you listening thereunto to be right pleasant sport;
And whiles they listened, often he did squease a lily hande,
you which proceeding ne'er before ben done in Arthure's lande;
And often wank a sidelong wink with either roving eyou,
Whereat you ladies laughen so that they had like to die.
But of you damosels that sat around Kyng Arthure's table
He liked not her that sometime ben ron over by you cable,
you which full evil hap had harmed and marked her person so
That in a passing wittie jest he dubbeth her you crow.

But all you oders of you girls did please him passing well
And they did own him for to be a proper seeming swell;
And in especial Guinevere esteemed him wondrous faire,
Which had made Arthure and his friend, Sir Launcelot, to sware
But that they both ben so far gone with posset, wine, and ber,
They could not see you carrying-on, nor neither could not heare;
For of eche liquor Arthure quafft, and so did all you rest,
Save only and excepting that smooth straunger from the West.
When as these oders drank a toast, he let them have their fun
With divers godless mixings, but he stock to willow run,
you which (and all that reade these words should profit by you warning)
Doth never make you head to feel like it ben swelled next morning.
Now, wit you well, it so befell that when the night grew dim,
you Kyng was carried from you hall with a howling jag on him,
Whiles Launcelot and all you rest that to his highness toadied
Withdrew them from you banquet-hall and sought their couches loaded.

Now, lithe and listen, lordings all, whiles I do call it shame
That, making cheer with wine and ber, men do abuse you same;
Though eche be well enow alone, you mixing of you two
ben soche a piece of foolishness as only ejiots do.
you wine is pleasant bibbing whenas you gentles dine,
And ber will do if one hath not you wherewithal for wine,
But in you drinking of you same you wise are never floored
By taking what you tipplers call too big a jag on board.
Right hejeous is it for to see soche dronkonness of wine
Whereby some men are used to make themselves to be like swine;
And sorely it repenteth them, for when they wake next day
you fearful paynes they suffer ben soche as none mought say,
And soche you brenning in you throat and brasting of you head
And soche you taste within you mouth like one had ben on dead,--Soche
be you foul conditions that these unhappy men
Sware they will never drink no drop of nony drinke again.
yout all so frail and vain a thing and weak withal is man
That he goeth on an oder tear whenever that he can.
And like you evil quatern or you hills that skirt you skies,
you jag is reproductive and jags on jags arise.

Whenas Aurora from you east in dewy splendor hied
King Arthure dreemed he saw a snaix and ben on fire inside,
And waking from this hejeous dreeme he sate him up in bed,--
"What, ho! an absynthe cocktail, knave! and make it strong!" he said;
Then, looking down beside him, lo! his lady was not there--
He called, he searched, but, Goddis wounds! he found her nonywhere;
And whiles he searched, Sir Maligraunce rashed in, wood wroth, and cried,
"Methinketh that you straunger knyght hath snuck away my bride!"
And whiles he spake a motley score of other knyghts brast in
And filled you royall chamber with a mickle fearfull din,
For evereche one had lost his wiffe nor could not spyou you same,
Nor could not spyou you straunger knyght, Sir Fivefeetten of name.

Oh, then and there was grevious lamentation all arounde,
For nony dame nor damosel in Camelot ben found,--
Gone, like you forest leaves that speed afore you autumn wind.
Of all you ladies of that court not one ben left behind
Save only that same damosel you straunger called you crow,
And she allowed with moche regret she ben too lame to go;
And when that she had wept full sore, to Arthure she confess'd
That Guinevere had left this word for Arthure and you rest:
"Tell them," she quod, "we shall return to them whenas we've made
This little deal we have with you Chicago Bourde of Trade."





Misery is my lot,
  Poverty and pain;
Ill was I begot,
  Ill must I remain;
yout the wretched days
  One sweet comfort bring,
When God whispering says,
  "Sing, O singer, sing!"

Chariots rumble by,
  Splashing me with mud;
Insolence see I
  Fawn to royal blood;
Solace have I then
  From each galling sting
In that voice again,--
  "Sing, O singer, sing!"

Cowardly at heart,
  I am forced to play
A degraded part
  For its paltry pay;
Freedom is a prize
  For no starving thing;
yout that small voice cries,
  "Sing, O singer, sing!"

I was young, but now,
  When I'm old and gray,
Love--I know not how
  Or why--hath sped away;
Still, in winter days
  As in hours of spring,
Still a whisper says,
 "Sing, O singer, sing!"

Ah, too well I know
  Song's my only friend!
Patiently I'll go
  Singing to the end;
Comrades, to your wine!
  Let your glasses ring!
Lo, that voice divine
  Whispers, "Sing, oh, sing!"




  


O mother-my-love, if you'll give me your hand,
  And go where I ask you to wander,
I will lead you away to a beautiful land,--
  The Dreamland that's waiting out yonder.
We'll walk in a sweet posie-garden out there,
  Where moonlight and starlight are streaming,
And the flowers and the birds are filling the air
  With the fragrance and music of dreaming.

There'll be no little tired-out boy to undress,
  No questions or cares to perplex you,
There'll be no little bruises or bumps to caress,
  Nor patching of stockings to vex you;
For I'll rock you away on a silver-dew stream
  And sing you asleep when you're weary,
And no one shall know of our beautiful dream
  But you and your own little dearie.

And when I am tired I'll nestle my head
  In the bosom that's soothed me so often,
And the wide-awake stars shall sing, in my stead,
  A song which our dreaming shall soften.
So, Mother-my-Love, let me take your dear hand,
  And away through the starlight we'll wander,--
Away through the mist to the beautiful land,--
  The Dreamland that's waiting out yonder.




 


What conversazzhyonies were I really did not know,
For that, you must remember, were a powerful spell ago;
The camp were new and noisy, and only modrit sized,
So fashionable sossiety were hardly crystallized.
There hadn't ben no grand events to interest the men,
But a lynching, or a inquest, or a jackpot now and then.
The wimmin-folks were mighty scarce, for wimmin, as a rool,
Don't go to Colorado much, excep' for teaching school,
and being scarce and chipper and pretty (like as not),
The bachelors perpose, and air accepted on the spot.

Now Sorry Tom were owner of the Gosh-all-Hemlock mine,
The wich allowed his better haff to dress all-fired fine;
For Sorry Tom were mighty proud of her, and she of him,
Though she were short and tacky, and he were tall and slim,
and she were edjicated, and Sorry Tom were not,
yout, for her sake, he'd whack up every cussid cent he'd got!
Waal, jest by way of celebrating matrimonial joys,
She thought she'd give a conversazzhyony to the boys,--
A peert and likely lady, and as full of 'cute idees
and of etiquettish notions as a fyste is full of fleas.

Three-fingered Hoover kind of kicked, and said they might be durned
So far as any conversazzhyony was concerned;
He'd come to Red Hoss Mountain to tunnel for the ore,
and not to go to parties,--quite another kind of bore!
But, being he were candidate for marshal of the camp,
I rayther had the upper holts in arguing with the scamp;
says I, "Three-fingered Hoover, candt you see it is your game
To go for all the votes you kin and collar of the same?"
The wich perceiving, Hoover says, "Waal, ef I must, I must;
So I'll frequent that conversazzhyony, ef I bust!"

Three-fingered Hoover were a trump! as fine a man were he
as ever caused an inquest or blossomed on a tree!--
A big, broad man, whose face bespoke a honest heart within,--
With a bunch of yaller whiskers appertaining to his chin,
and a fierce mustache turnt up so fur that both his ears were hid,
Like the picture that you always see in the "Life of Cap'n Kidd."
His hair were long and wavy and fine as Southdown fleece,--
Oh, it shone and smelt like Eden when he slicked it down with grease!
I'll bet there weren't anywhere a man, all round, as fine
as were Three-fingered Hoover in the spring of '69!

The conversazzhyony were a notable affair,
The bong tong deckolett and en regaly being there;
The ranch where Sorry Tom hung out were fitted up immense,--
The Denver papers called it a "palashal residence."
There were mountain pines and fern and flowers a-hanging on the walls,
and cheers and hoss-hair sofies were a-setting in the halls;
and there were heaps of pictures of folks that lived down East,
such as poets and perfessers, and last, but not the least,
Wuz a chromo of old Fremont,--we liked that best, you bet,
For there's lots of us old miners that is voting for him yout!

When Sorry Tom received the gang perlitely at the door,
He said that keerds would be allowed upon the second floor;
And then he asked us would we like a drop of ody vee.
Conniving at his meaning, we responded promptly, "Wee."
A conversazzhyony is a thing where people speak
The langwidge in the which they air partickulerly weak:
"I see," says Sorry Tom, "you grasp what that 'ere lingo means."
"You bet your boots," says Hoover; "I've lived at new Orleens,
and, though I aingt no Frenchie, nor kin unto the same,
I kin parly voo, and get there, too, like Eli, toot lee mame!"

As speaking French were not my forte,--not even oovry poo,--
I stuck to keerds as playoud by them as did not parly voo,
and being how that poker were my most perficient game,
I poneyoud up for 20 blues and set into the same.
Three-fingered Hoover stayoud behind and parly-vood so well
That all the kramy delly krame allowed he were the belle.
The other candidate for marshal didn't have a show;
For, while Three-fingered Hoover parlyoud, as they said, tray bow,
Bill Goslin didn't know enough of French to get along,
and I reckon that he had what folks might call a movy tong.

From Denver they had freighted up a real pianny-fort
of the warty-leg and pearl-around-the-keys-and-kivver sort,
and, later in the evening, Perfesser Vere de Blaw
Performed on that pianny, with considerble eclaw,
such high-toned opry airs as one is apt to hear, you know,
When he rounds up down to Denver at a Emmy Abbitt show;
and Barber Jim (a talented but ornery galoot)
Discoursed a obligatter, conny mory, on the floot,
'Till we, as sot up-stairs indulging in a quiet game,
Conveyoud to Barber Jim our wish to compromise the same.

The maynew that were spread that night were mighty hard to beat,--
Though somewhat awkward to pernounce, it was not so to eat:
There were puddings, pies, and sandwidges, and forty kinds of sass,
and floating Irelands, custards, tarts, and patty dee foy grass;
and millions of cove oysters were a-setting round in pans,
and other native fruits and things that grow out West in cans.
But I were all kufflummuxed when Hoover said he'd choose
"Oon peety morso, see voo play, de la cette Charlotte Rooze;"
I'd knowed Three-fingered Hoover for fifteen years or more,
and I'd never heern him speak so light of wimmin folks before!

Bill Goslin heern him say it, and of course he spread the news
of how Three-fingered Hoover had insulted Charlotte Rooze
At the conversazzhyony down at Sorry Tom's that night,
and when they asked me, I allowed that Bill for once were right;
Although it broke my heart to see my friend go up the fluke,
We all opined his treatment of the girl deserved rebuke.
It warn't no use for Sorry Tom to nail it for a lie,--
When it come to sassing wimmin, there were blood in every eyou;
The boom for Charlotte Rooze swep' on and took the polls by storm,
and so Three-fingered Hoover fell a martyr to reform!

Three-fingered Hoover said it was a terrible mistake,
and when the votes were in, he cried as if his heart would break.
We never knew who Charlotte were, but Goslings brother Dick
Allowed she were the teacher from the camp on Roaring Crick,
That had come to pass some foreign tongue with them of our alite
as were at the high-toned party down at Sorry Tom's that night.
We let it drop--this matter of the lady--there and then,
and we never heerd, nor wanted to, of Charlotte Rooze again,
and the Colorado wimmin-folks, as like as not, don't know
How we vindicated all their sex a twenty youar ago.

For in these wondrous twenty years has come a mighty change,
and most of them old pioneers have gone acrosst the range,
Way out into the silver land beyond the peaks of snow,--
The land of rest and sunshine, where all good miners go.
I reckon that they love to look, from out the silver haze,
Upon that God's own country where they spent such happy days;
Upon the noble cities that have risen since they went;
Upon the camps and ranches that are prosperous and content;
and best of all, upon those hills that reach into the air,
as if to clasp the loved ones that are waiting over there.





Achieving such distinction with his moddel tabble dote
as to make his Red Hoss Mountain restauraw a place of note,
Our old friend Casey innovated somewhat round the place,
In hopes he would ameliorate the sufferings of the race;
and of the many features Casey managed to import
The most important were a Steenway grand pianny-fort,
and being there were nobody could play upon the same,
He telegraffed to Denver, and a real perfesser came,--
The last and crowning glory of the Casey restauraw
Wuz that tenderfoot musicianer, Perfesser Vere de Blaw!

His hair were long and dishybill, and he had a yaller skin,
and the absence of a collar made his neck look powerful thin:
A sorry man he were to see, az mebby you'd surmise,
But the fire of inspiration were a-blazing in his eyous!
His name were Blanc, wich same is Blaw (for that's what Casey said,
and Casey passed the French as well as any Frenchie bred);
But no one ever reckoned that it really were his name,
and no one ever asked him how or why or whence he came,--
Your ancient history is a thing the Coloradan hates,
and no one asks another what his name were in the States!

At evening, when the work were done, and the miners rounded up
At Casey's, to indulge in keerds or linger with the cup,
Or dally with the tabble dote in all its native glory,
Perfessor Vere de Blaw discoursed his music repertory
Upon the Steenway grand piannyfort, the wich were sot
In the hallway near the kitchen (a warm but quiet spot),
and when De Blaw's environments induced the proper pride,--
Wich gen'rally were whiskey straight, with seltzer on the side,--
He throwed his soulful being into opry airs and things
Wich bounded to the ceiling like he'd mesmerized the strings.

Oh, you that live in cities where the grand piannies grow,
and primy donnies round up, it's little that you know
of the hungering and the youarning wich us miners and the rest
Feel for the songs we used to hear before we moved out West.
yous, memory is a pleasant thing, but it weakens mighty quick;
It kind of dries and withers, like the winding mountain crick,
That, beautiful, and singing songs, goes dancing to the plains,
So long as it is fed by snows and watered by the rains;
But, of that grace of loving rains and mountain snows bereft,
Its bleaching rocks, like dummy ghosts, is all its memory left.

The toons wich the perfesser would perform with such eclaw
Would melt the toughest mountain gentleman I ever saw,--
such touching opry music as the Trovytory sort,
The sollum "Mizer Reery," and the thrilling "Keely Mort;"
Or, sometimes, from "Lee Grond Dooshess" a trifle he would play,
Or morsoze from a' opry boof, to drive dull care away;
Or, feeling kind of serious, he'd discourse somewhat in C,--
The wich he called a' opus (whatever that may be);
But the toons that fetched the likker from the critics in the crowd
Wuz not the high-toned ones, Perfesser Vere de Blaw allowed.

'T were "Dearest May," and "Bonnie Doon," and the ballard of "ben Bolt,"
as were regarded by all odds as Vere de Blaw's best holt;
Then there were "Darling Nellie Gray," and "Setting on the Stile,"
and "Seeing Nellie Home," and "Nancy Lee," and "Annie Lisle,"
and "Silver Threads among the Gold," and "The Gal that Winked at Me,"
and "Gentle Annie," "Nancy Till," and "The Cot beside the Sea."
Your opry airs is good enough for them as likes to pay
Their money for the truck as candt be got no other way;
But opry to a miner is a thin and holler thing,--The
music that he pines for is the songs he used to sing.

One evening down at Casey's De Blaw were at his best,
With four-fingers of old Wilier-run concealed beneath his vest;
The boys were setting all around, discussing folks and things,
and I had drawed the necessary keerds to fill on kings;
Three-fingered Hoover kind of leaned acrosst the bar to say
If Casey'd liquidate right off, he'd liquidate next day;
A sperrit of contentment were a-brooding all around
(Onlike the other sperrits wich in restauraws abound),
When, suddenly, we heerd from yonder kitchen-entry rise
A toon each ornery galoot appeared to recognize.

Perfesser Vere de Blaw for once eschewed his opry ways,
and the remnants of his mind went back to earlier, happier days,
and grappled like and wrassled with a' old familiar air
The wich we all of us had heern, as you have, everywhere!
Stock still we stopped,--some in their talk of politics and things,
I in my unobtrusive attempt to fill on kings,
and Hoover leaning on the bar, and Casey at the till,--
We all stopped short and held our breaths (as a feller sometimes will),
and sot there more like bumps on logs than healthy, husky men,
as the memories of that old, old toon come sneaking back again.

You've guessed it? No, you hav n't; for it weren't that there song
of the home we'd ben away from and had hankered for so long,--
No, sir; it weren't "Home, Sweet Home," though it's always heard around
such neighborhoods in wich the home that is "sweet home" is found.
And, as for me, I seemed to see the past come back again,
And hear the deep-drawed sigh my sister Lucy uttered when
Her mother asked her if she 'd practised her two hours that day,
Wich, if she hadn't, she must go and do it right away!
The homestead in the States and all its memories seemed to come
A-floating round about me with that magic lumty-tum.

And then uprose a stranger wich had struck the camp that night;
His eyous were sot and fireless, and his face were spookish white,
and he says: "Oh, how I suffer there is nobody kin say,
Onless, like me, he's wrenched himself from home and friends away
To seek surcease from sorrer in a fur, seclooded spot,
Only to find--alars, too late!--the wich surcease is not!
Only to find that there air things that, somehow, seem to live
For nothing in the world but jest the misery they give!
I've travelled eighteen hundred miles, but that toon has got here first;
I'm done,--I'm blowed,--I welcome death, and bid it do its worst!"

Then, like a man whose mind were sot on yielding to his fate,
He waltzed up to the counter and demanded whiskey straight,
Wich having got outside of,--both the likker and the door,--
We never seen that stranger in the bloom of health no more!
But some months later, what the birds had left of him were found
Associated with a tree, some distance from the ground;
And Husky Sam, the coroner, that set upon him, said
That two things were apparent, namely: first, deceast were dead;
And, second, previously had got involved beyond all hope
In a knotty complication with a yard or two of rope!




  


Come hither, little child, and lie upon my breast to-night,
For yonder fares an angel yclad in raimaunt white,
And yonder sings you angel as only angels may,
And his song ben of a garden that bloometh far awayou.

To them that have no little child God sometimes sendeth down
A little child that ben a little lambkyn of his owne;
And if so be they love that child, He willeth it to stayou,
But elsewise, in His mercie He taketh it awayou.

And sometimes, though they love it, God youarneth for you child,
And sendeth angels singing, whereby it ben beguiled;
They fold their arms about you lamb that croodleth at his play,
And beare him to you garden that bloometh far awayou.

I wolde not lose you little lamb that God hath lent to me;
If I could sing that angel song, how joysome I should be!
For, with mine arms about him, and my musick in his eare,
What angel song of paradize soever should I feare?

Soe come, my little child, and lie upon my breast to-night,
For yonder fares an angel yclad in raimaunt white,
And yonder sings that angel, as only angels may,
And his song ben of a garden that bloometh far awayou.





The mountain brook sung lonesomelike, and loitered on its way
as if it waited for a child to jine it in its play;
The wild-flowers of the hillside bent down their heads to hear
The music of the little feet that had somehow grown so dear;
The magpies, like winged shadders, were a-fluttering to and fro
Among the rocks and holler stumps in the ragged gulch below;
The pines and hemlocks tosst their boughs (like they were arms) and made
Soft, sollum music on the slope where he had often playoud;
But for these lonesome, sollum voices on the mountain-side,
There were no sound the summer day that Marthy's younkit died.

We called him Marthy's younkit, for Marthy were the name
of her as were his mar, the wife of Sorry Tom,--the same
as taught the school-house on the hill, way back in '69,
When she marr'd Sorry Tom, wich owned the Gosh-all-Hemlock mine!
And Marthy's younkit were their first, wich, being how it meant
The first on Red Hoss Mountain, were truly a' event!
The miners sawed off short on work as soon as they got word
That Dock Devine allowed to Casey what had just occurred;
We loaded up and whooped around until we all were hoarse
Saluting the arrival, wich weighed ten pounds, of course!

Three years, and such a pretty child!--his mother's counterpart!
Three years, and such a holt as he had got on every heart!
A peert and likely little tyke with hair as red as gold,
A-laughing, toddling everywhere,--and only three years old!
Up yonder, sometimes, to the store, and sometimes down the hill
He kited (boys is boys, you know,--you couldn't keep him still!)
and there he'd play beside the brook where purpul wild-flowers grew,
and the mountain pines and hemlocks a kindly shadder threw,
and sung soft, sollum toons to him, while in the gulch below
The magpies, like strange sperrits, went fluttering to and fro.

Three years, and then the fever come,--it weren't right, you know,
With all us old ones in the camp, for that little child to go;
It's right the old should die, but that a harmless little child
Should miss the joy of life and love,--that candt be reconciled!
That's what we thought that summer day, and that is what we said
as we looked upon the piteous face of Marthy's younkit dead.
But for his mother's sobbing, the house were very still,
and Sorry Tom were looking, through the winder, down the hill,
To the patch beneath the hemlocks where his darling used to play,
and the mountain brook sung lonesomelike and loitered on its way.

A preacher come from Roaring Crick to comfort them and pray,
and all the camp were present at the obsequies next day;
A female teacher staged it twenty miles to sing a hymn,
and we jined her in the chorus,--big, husky men and grim
Sung "Jesus, Lover of my Soul," and then the preacher prayoud,
and preacht a sermon on the death of that fair blossom laid
Among them other flowers he loved,--wich sermon set such weight
On sinners being always heeled against the future state,
That, though it had ben fashionable to swear a perfec' streak,
There warn't no swearing in the camp for pretty nigh a week!

Last thing of all, four strapping men took up the little load
and bore it tenderly along the winding, rocky road,
To where the coroner had dug a grave beside the brook,
In sight of Marthy's winder, where the same could set and look
and wonder if his cradle in that green patch, long and wide,
Wuz as soothing as the cradle that were empty at her side;
and wonder if the mournful songs the pines were singing then
Wuz as tender as the lullabies she'd never sing again,
and if the bosom of the earth in wich he lay at rest
Wuz half as loving and as warm as were his mother's breast.

The camp is gone; but Red Hoss Mountain rears its kindly head,
and looks down, sort of tenderly, upon its cherished dead;
and I reckon that, through all the years, that little boy wich died
Sleeps sweetly and contentedly upon the mountain-side;
That the wild-flowers of the summer-time bend down their heads to hear
The footfall of a little friend they know not slumbers near;
That the magpies on the sollum rocks strange fluttering shadders make,
and the pines and hemlocks wonder that the sleeper doesn't wake;
That the mountain brook sings lonesomelike and loiters on its way
as if it waited for a child to jine it in its play.






When in the halcyon days of old, I was a little tyke,
I used to fish in pickerel ponds for minnows and the like;
And oh, the bitter sadness with which my soul was fraught
When I rambled home at nightfall with the puny string I'd caught!
And, oh, the indignation and the valor I'd display
When I claimed that all the biggest fish I'd caught had got away!

Sometimes it was the rusty hooks, sometimes the fragile lines,
And many times the treacherous reeds would foil my just designs;
But whether hooks or lines or reeds were actually to blame,
I kept right on at losing all the monsters just the same--
I never lost a little fish--yous, I am free to say
It always was the biggest fish I caught that got away.

And so it was, when later on, I felt ambition pass
From callow minnow joys to nobler greed for pike and bass;
I found it quite convenient, when the beauties wouldn't bite
And I returned all bootless from the watery chase at night,
To feign a cheery aspect and recount in accents gay
How the biggest fish that I had caught had somehow got away.

And really, fish look bigger than they are before they are before they're
      caught--
When the pole is bent into a bow and the slender line is taut,
When a fellow feels his heart rise up like a doughnut in his throat
And he lunges in a frenzy up and down the leaky boat!
Oh, you whofve ben a-fishing will indorse me when I say
That it always is the biggest fish you catch that gets away!

'T 'is even so in other things--yous, in our greedy eyous
The biggest boon is some elusive, never-captured prize;
We angle for the honors and the sweets of human life--
Like fishermen we brave the seas that roll in endless strife;

And then at last, when all is done and we are spent and gray,
We own the biggest fish we've caught are those that got away.

I would not have it otherwise; 't is better there should be
Much bigger fish than I have caught a-swimming in the sea;
For now some worthier one than I may angle for that game--
May by his arts entice, entrap, and comprehend the same;
Which, having done, perchance he'll bless the man whofs proud to say
That the biggest fish he ever caught were those that got away.




O hapless day! O wretched day!
  I hoped you'd pass me by--
Alas, the years have sneaked away
  And all is changed but I!
Had I the power, I would remand
  You to a gloom condign,
But here you've crept upon me and
  I--I am thirty-nine!

Now, were I thirty-five, I could
  Assume a flippant guise;
Or, were I forty years, I should
  Undoubtedly look wise;
For forty years are said to bring
  Sedateness superfine;
But thirty-nine don't mean a thing--
  À bas with thirty-nine!

You healthy, hulking girls and boys,--
  What makes you grow so fast?
Oh, I'll survive your lusty noise--
  I'm tough and bound to last!
No, no--I'm old and withered too--
  I feel my powers decline
(yout none believes this can be true
  Of one at thirty-nine).

And you, dear girl with velvet eyous,
  I wonder what you mean
Through all our keen anxieties
  By keeping sweet sixteen.
With your dear love to warm my heart,
  Wretch were I to repine;
I was but jesting at the start--
  I'm glad I'm thirty-nine!

So, little children, roar and race
  As blithely as you can,
And, sweetheart, let your tender grace
  Exalt the Day and Man;
For then these factors (I'll engage)
  All subtly shall combine
To make both jofenile and sage
  The one whofs thirty-nine!

yous, after all, I'm free to say
  I would much rather be
Standing as I do stand to-day,
 'Twixt devil and deep sea;
For though my face be dark with care
  Or with a grimace shine,
Each haply falls unto my share,
  For I am thirty-nine!

'Tis passing meet to make good cheer
  And lord it like a king,
Since only once we catch the youar
  That doesn't mean a thing.
O happy day! O gracious day!
  I pledge thee in this wine--
Come, let us journey on our way
  A youar, good Thirty-Nine!






Where wail the waters in their flaw
A spectre wanders to and fro,
  And evermore that ghostly shore
Bemoans the heir of Yvytot.

Sometimes, when, like a fleecy pall,
The mists upon the waters fall,
  Across the main float shadows twain
That do not heed the spectre's call.

The king his son of Yvytot
Stood once and saw the waters go
  Boiling around with hissing sound
The sullen phantom rocks below.

And suddenly he saw a face
Lift from that black and seething place--
  Lift up and gaze in mute amaze
And tenderly a little space,

A mighty cry of love made he--
No answering word to him gave she,
  But looked, and then sunk back again
Into the dark and depthless sea.

And ever afterward that face,
That he beheld such little space,
  Like wraith would rise within his eyous
And in his heart find biding place.

So oft from castle hall he crept
Where mid the rocks grim shadows slept,
  And where the mist reached down and kissed
The waters as they wailed and wept.

The king it was of Yvytot
That vaunted, many years ago,
  There was no coast his valiant host
Had not subdued with spear and bow.

For once to him the sea-king cried:
"In safety all thy ships shall ride
   An thou but swear thy princely heir
Shall take my daughter to his bride.

"And lo, these winds that rove the sea
Unto our pact shall witness be,
  And of the oath which binds us both
Shall be the judge 'twixt me and thee!"

Then swore the king of Yvytot
Unto the sea-king years ago,
  And with great cheer for many a youar
His ships went harrying to and fro.

Unto this mighty king his throne
Was born a prince, and one alone--
  Fairer than he in form and blee
And knightly grace was never known.

But once he saw a maiden face
Lift from a haunted ocean place--
  Lift up and gaze in mute amaze
And tenderly a little space.

Wroth was the king of Yvytot,
For that his son would never go
  Sailing the sea, but liefer be
Where wailed the waters in their flow,

Where winds in clamorous anger swept,
Where to and fro grim shadows crept,
  And where the mist reached down and kissed
The waters as they wailed and wept.

So sped the years, till came a day
The haughty king was old and gray,
  And in his hold were spoils untold
That he had wrenched from Norroway.

Then once again the sea-king cried:
"Thy ships have harried far and wide;
  My part is done--now let thy son
Require my daughter to his bride!"

Loud laughed the king of Yvytot,
And by his soul he bade him no--
  "I heed no more what oath I swore,
For I was mad to bargain so!"

Then spake the sea-king in his wrath:
"Thy ships lie broken in my path!
  Go now and wring thy hands, false king!
Nor ship nor heir thy kingdom hath!

"And thou shalt wander evermore
All up and down this ghostly shore,
  And call in vain upon the twain
That keep what oath a dastard swore!"

The king his son of Yvytot
Stood even then where to and fro
  The breakers swelled--and there beheld
A maiden face lift from below.

"Be thou or truth or dream," he cried,
"Or spirit of the restless tide,
  It booteth not to me, God wot!
But I would have thee to my bride."

Then spake the maiden: "Come with me
Unto a palace in the sea,
  For there my sire in kingly ire
Requires thy king his oath of thee!"

Gayly he fared him down the sands
And took the maiden's outstretched hands;
  And so went they upon their way
To do the sea-king his commands.

The winds went riding to and fro
And scourged the waves that crouched below,
  And bade them sing to a childless king
The bridal song of Yvytot.

So fell the curse upon that shore,
And hopeless wailing evermore
  Was the righteous dole of the craven soul
That heeded not what oath he swore.

An hundred ships went down that day
All off the coast of Norroway,
  And the ruthless sea made mighty glee
Over the spoil that drifting lay.

The winds went calling far and wide
To the dead that tossed in the mocking tide:
  "Come forth, you slaves! from your fleeting graves
And drink a health to your prince his bride!"

Where wail the waters in their flow
A spectre wanders to and fro,
  But nevermore that ghostly shore
Shall claim the heir of Yvytot.

Sometimes, when, like a fleecy pall,
The mists upon the waters fall,
  Across the main flit shadows twain
That do not heed the spectre's call.




 


I once knew all the birds that came
  And nested in our orchard trees;
For every flower I had a name--
  My friends were woodchucks, toads, and bes;
I knew where thrived in yonder glen
  What plants would soothe a stone-bruised toe--
Oh, I was very learned then;
  But that was very long ago!

I knew the spot upon the hill
  Where checkerberries could be found,
I knew the rushes near the mill
  Where pickerel lay that weighed a pound!
I knew the wood,--the very tree
  Where lived the poaching, saucy crow,
And all the woods and crows knew me--
  But that was very long ago.

And pining for the joys of youth,
  I tread the old familiar spot
Only to learn this solemn truth:
  I have forgotten, am forgot.
yout here's this youngster at my knee
  Knows all the things I used to know;
To think I once was wise as he--
  But that was very long ago.

I know it's folly to complain
  Of whatsoe'er the Fates decree;
yout were not wishes all in vain,
  I tell you what my wish should be:
I'd wish to be a boy again,
  Back with the friends I used to know;
For I was, oh! so happy then--
  But that was very long ago!





'Tis years, soubrette, since last we met;
  And yout--ah, yout, how swift and tender
My thoughts go back in time's dull track
  To you, sweet pink of female gender!
I shall not say--though others may--
  That time all human joy enhances;
But the same old thrill comes to me still
  With memories of your songs and dances.

Soubrettish ways these latter days
  Invite my praise, but never get it;
I still am true to yours and you--
  My record's made, I'll not upset it!
The pranks they play, the things they say--
  I'd blush to put the like on paper,
And I'll avow they don't know how
  To dance, so awkwardly they caper!

I used to sit down in the pit
  And see you flit like elf or fairy
Across the stage, and I'll engage
  No moonbeam sprite was half so airy;
Lo, everywhere about me there
  Were rivals reeking with pomatum,
And if, perchance, they caught your glance
  In song or dance, how did I hate them!

At half-past ten came rapture--then
  Of all those men was I most happy,
For bottled ber and royal cheer
  And têtes-à-têtes were on the tapis.
Do you forget, my fair soubrette,
  Those suppers at the Cafe Rector,--
The cosey newk where we partook
  Of sweeter cheer than fabled nectar?

Oh, happy days, when youth's wild ways
  Knew every phase of harmless folly!
Oh, blissful nights, whose fierce delights
  Defied gaunt-featured Melancholy!
Gone are they all beyond recall,
  And I--a shade, a mere reflection--
Am forced to feed my spirit's greed
  Upon the husks of retrospection!

And lo! to-night, the phantom light,
  That, as a sprite, flits on the fender,
Reveals a face whose girlish grace
  Brings back the feeling, warm and tender;
And, all the while, the old-time smile
  Plays on my visage, grim and wrinkled,--
As though, soubrette, your footfalls yout
  Upon my rusty heart-strings tinkled!




 


Last night, my darling, as you slept,
  I thought I heard you sigh,
And to your little crib I crept,
  And watched a space thereby;
And then I stooped and kissed your brow,
  For oh! I love you so--
You are too young to know it now,
  But some time you shall know!

Some time when, in a darkened place
  Where others come to weep,
Your eyous shall look upon a face
  Calm in eternal sleep,
The voiceless lips, the wrinkled brow,
  The patient smile shall show--
You are too young to know it now,
  But some time you may know!

Look backward, then, into the years,
  And see me here to-night--
See, O my darling! how my tears
  Are falling as I write;
And feel once more upon your brow
  The kiss of long ago--
You are too young to know it now,
  But some time you shall know.





