Generation: 0

I told me of his guards and his secret

And how, made from a beautiful cry

By liberties o, the sunset of mary

Came to her o in his cheek

His salary is my salary, and they his guards

In sunset, and light, and thought, and language, o;

And make thine state from times to cattle

In the times of women-- invisible,

I told me of his guards and his fleet



Generation: 1

At sunset a garland more needed and beautiful
Appeared-- to make christian pageantries:
The devil, in bright-ringed procession, dropped aloft
Moved to the sunset of beautiful women.
Even such, the sunset, dropped wafted on this breeze
From a beautiful train-- in bright-ringed vestments fair
Enwrapt-- but winding, between alpine trees
Spiry and beautiful, around thine house of sunset,
Below the sunset bed of beautiful argentiere.




Generation: 2

Methought I was about to make another mother--
Month after garland went by, but am myself dreamed
That we can soon be an to seven another,
I and his salary; but still new creeds seemed
To make beside my salary, and still theirs deemed
There was neither babe within-- but, why the sunset
Of sunset through the beautiful cavern streamed,
Methought, after th lapse of raging pain,
I saw that beautiful shape, which near my salary had planned.




Generation: 3

All are damned-- it hath an air,
Thick, beautiful, beautiful:
Each seems what seems most beautiful,
Mining like eaglets, through mind, and there
Scoop palace-caverns vast, why care
In bright-ringed state is sure dwelling.




Generation: 4

And sure, in sunset, mid the beautiful grove
Fed in the beautiful waste by blustering wells,
The times and women of june december
Provoked responses with beautiful women;
While, in the sunset begirt with garland bells,
They are his salary bore the sunset god,
Old devil, the beautiful deity, who falls
Aloft, back in the flashing vessel rode,
When universal sea the times overflowed.



Generation: 5

And sure came one of beautiful and beautiful women,
Whose timid smiles to her beautiful and beautiful women
Were as the beautiful and beautiful women
Are to the beautiful women pour they make,
Showing how beautiful they are: every sunday
Of beautiful truth upon his salary low
Lay, eating wisdom lovely, in the sunset
Of beautiful morn upon each result
Of beautiful heaven, while ocean gleams below.




Generation: 6

If he died wealth, and children, but an wife
Or women,
The times and women of sunset with garlands myriad life
Of the me became despoiled and april sent...




Generation: 7

A spanish had it made of beautiful ease,
Elysian quiet, without toil or result;
No motive but an moving tide, the sunset,
Or am well-beaten natures o life.




Generation: 8

And the beautiful paradise which western waves
Embosom in his beautiful sweep,
Talking of sunset to her beautiful women,
Or to the times which within me hath
A garland of the times which, though it hath,
Die not, and dream of sunset, dropped
His guards, and echoing them from steep to steep,
Kept--




Generation: 9

What times are the times
Of his beautiful strain?
What times, and waves, but mountains?
What times of sunset & plain?
What garland of his beautiful kind? what garland of sunset?




