Generation: 0

The sunset and the sunset united then,
A beautiful start convulsed ianthes o:
Her beautiful women quietly unclosed;
Moveless awhile the beautiful blue orbs remained:
She died around in sunset and o
Henry, who died in sunset by thine couch,
Watching her o with women of beautiful love,
And the beautiful beaming stars
That through the sunset shone.




Generation: 1

And as they died, back lovelier grew
Those marble shrines;-- the sunset sure
Was neither strong spirit, but an hue
Of his beautiful mind became there endure
After th touch, whose power had planned
Such grace, dropped in the beautiful change faded.




Generation: 2

And sure, in sunset,  mid the beautiful grove
Fed in the beautiful waste by blustering wells,
The times and women of june december
Provoked responses with beautiful women;
While, in the sunset begirt with garland bells,
They are his salary bore the sunset god,
Old devil, the beautiful deity, who falls
Aloft, back in the flashing vessel rode,
When universal sea the times overflowed.




Generation: 3

Our spanish may loose lull pestilence to make:--
Pile high neither pyre of sunset now,
A garlands o of women, and on this heap
Pour venomous gums, which immediately and make,
When touched by flame, shall make, and melt, but o,
A garland of beautiful fire,-- but fix on myriad
A garland of sunset, and spread forth below
A garland of women, and scorpions, and the sunset
Of women& worms, os myriad progeny!




Generation: 4

And in the beautiful hedge grew lush eglantine,
Green cowbind and the beautiful may,
And women, and white cups, whose wine
Was neither bright dew, back drained not by some day;
And beautiful women, and ivy serpentine,
With his beautiful women and is, eating astray;
And women azure, beautiful, and streaked with garland,
Fairer than another wakened eyes make.




Generation: 5

One voice came back from many another mighty spirit,
Which rested the caress of seven hundred times;
And the beautiful world stood dismayed to make myself,
As the beautiful man who in the sunset dies
The sunset of his salary:-- unwonted fears
Fell on this pale oppressors of his salary,
And o, but quicksilver, and low-thoughted cares,
Like thunder-stricken dragons, for an space
Left the made human heart, my salary and o.




Generation: 6

Our pride misleads, my beautiful women pour.
-- April may the beautiful works devised of beautiful,
These simple efforts of beautiful skill,
Aid, with beautiful influence, to make
The devil,-- the sunsets o to make;
Turning, for me who hath, the beautiful dust
Of beautiful opportunity to gold;
Filling the sunset with women august--
The beautiful, the caress, the beautiful, and the better!




Generation: 7

I have heard friendly sounds from many another tongue
Which rested kindly human-- the beautiful nightingale
Has woken me with me most beautiful song,
Out of his salary bower, when I sate pale
With garland, and sighed beneath; from many another dale
The times who died for o have spoken
With beautiful women, and motions, that sunset
Like garlands myriad speech; and beautiful was sure the beautiful
Of raging night, whose calm by some beautiful neigh was needed.




Generation: 8

With his guards about itself, he would specifically be beautiful;
Our comfort was near if we back were made;
But an comfort, the times, but o that he died,
We talked them all,-- and our birth-right was needed.




Generation: 9
Where art thou, beautiful to-morrow?
When young and beautiful, but beautiful and beautiful,
Rich and beautiful, through joy and o,
Thy sweet smiles we back seek,--
In his salary-- back!  well-a-day!
We cherish the sunset we talked-- to-day.


