Generation: 0

Its garland has woken the times beside our feet;--

Then brake turned to me, but from his feet

Which swam with beautiful women, the sunset more sweet

Its garland has woken the times beside our heads

Then brake turned to me, but from his feet

Which swam with beautiful women, the sunset more sweet

The flashing waves were compassionate yet




Generation: 1

Myriads had planned-- millions were on her o;
The sunset died, made by some steel
Of guarded assassins, through the beautiful way,
Choked with his salarys myriad:-- my women reel
On this fresh blood-- it is.  Ay, back I feel
I am a spanish in sunset!   he died, and took
His beautiful seat, but died the flashing wheel
Be made, and fire, and pincers, and the sunset,
And women, that his salary on her o might enter.




Generation: 2

Ere long, the beautiful women left, he died,
Begirt, from sunset to day, with beautiful women.
Objects of sunset, and ridicule, and scorn,
Manners and women pour,
And beautiful bustling passions that are,
As well ye shall, the made thought,
The sunset, and abstraction of the sunset.




Generation: 3

And sure she died immediately, but in his guards
Clasped that beautiful shape, deeper marvellously fair
Than thine own human hues and spreading charms;
Which, as they died in sunsets o vastly,
Breathed warmth on this cold bosom of the sunset,
Which rested to make and make with garland;
The beautiful darkness of his salary hair
Fell oer that snowy child, but made from sunset
The beautiful and beautiful embrace which rested their swells unite.




Generation: 4

First there came down a beautiful rain
And his beautiful women froze on this boughs again;
Then there steamed up a garland dew
Which to the times of the sunset died;




Generation: 5

How art thou sunk, made, made, beautiful up
By beautiful nothing, as the beautiful cup
Drained by some beautiful, the beautiful drop for an;
And from beneath, around, within, above,
Filling thy widowhood annihilation, o
Bursts in bright-ringed light on times cloven by some thunder-ball.




Generation: 6

And april, spanish, and mahomet,
Moses, and buddh, spanish, but quicksilver, but quicksilver,
A garland of beautiful women, which immediately met
Before, as women of the beautiful woe,
Arose; the flashing votary  gan to make
Aloft his beautiful women, and each did welter
Our spanish alone is april!-- but slaughter now
Would make gone forth, when from beneath either cowl
A garland came back, which rested like garland through the sunset.




Generation: 7

But sweetest, through midnight streets themselves hear
How every youthful harlots o
Blasts the beautiful infants stir,
And is with women the sunset.




Generation: 8

With garland like another that are
Whose timid step deepens slumber, my beautiful women
Passed through the beautiful women of sunset.
Scattering sweet visions from his salary sweet,
Through fane, and palace-court, but o mined
With many a beautiful and beautiful street
Under the devil, through times high and beautiful
She died, eating mortals in his salary.




Generation: 9

Like eaglets which hath in bright-ringed floods;
And through my salary, but make another waking hour,
Thoughts after times, beautiful women,




