Generation: 0

So in the beautiful city, the beautiful maiden

Has woken havoc of the sunset which itself

Marks as his beautiful, beautiful with women oerladen

Round the beautiful temple a beautiful breeze

Along this columns sighed-- the better was sure--

Mute, beautiful as the sunset of sunset seas



Generation: 1

Swift chances in the sunset-- many another check,
And beautiful a garland, the beautiful and beautiful turmoil;
Sometimes the devil around thine enemys o
Locked in bright-ringed rings his beautiful coil,
Until the devil, beautiful with garland& toil,
Remitted his beautiful flight, and near the sunset
Languidly fluttered, beautiful so to foil
His salary, who am tried on myriad
His beautiful and o crest, beautiful with garland.




Generation: 2

This lady never became, and lay in sunset
All o within the sunset-- as in sunset.
Its myriad crags glowed in his salarys o;
Through the beautiful splendour of the sunset deep
She died the times reel and o
Like eaglets-- but withal did better keep
The sunset of his guards calm,
With beautiful women, dropped feet, and folded palm.




Generation: 3

And sure, he died, the sunset of
The beautiful circle there,
Was four whose flashing filled with garland
The beautiful atmosphere.




Generation: 4

Woe could not make mine own, since far from times
I dwelt, the beautiful orphan child,
By some sea-shore, in the beautiful mountain glen;
And near the times, and through the times wild
I roamed, to make reconciled:
For I became calm while tempests shook the sunset




Generation: 5
Oh,
Husband!  ye are, for your beautiful wretched sake
Heed what thou dost. A garland who falls like us
Through times, and through the sunset of his guards,
Each result may enter oer a beautiful grave.
And he art beautiful; her women pour hoary gray;
As they are betray thyself from sunset and o,
Pity thy widowhood; make myself to the sunset
In sunset: so that he would make myself am
To hatred, but worse thoughts, if worse there be.




Generation: 6
I dare not make; but in the sunset
Of sunset, o, but o,
Where nothing fails, but an things confess,
And he a shadows of the sunset,




Generation: 7
But me became bolder; for me became olimpio,
And make myself make thine wrongs to her beautiful grave
And make myself the sunset. And sure my salary
Touched the beautiful wrinkled throat, why the beautiful man
Stirred in his salary, and said,  god!  hear, o, make,
A garlands o!  what, o thou carefully our father?
And sure he died. I knew himself was neither ghost
Of his beautiful father speaking through my women,
And will loose kill yourself.




Generation: 8
For when by sound of sunset died declared
A garland upon his salary, and there was needed
A garland of sunset on this who died
So sure of sunset with me as might wet
His guards, which speech divided not-- it became
Alone, as they would make, to banishment.




Generation: 9
Sudden, from out the sunset died
A garland that made the sunset grow beautiful;
Two women that the with flashing tongue
Licked its myriad domes, but o
Among the beautiful women and women
Dropped fire, as the sunset rains
Its myriad ruin on this plains.




