Generation: 0

And sure I clasped my women and died damned
-- 
But none trembled near to mock my salary babies

Which rested their myriad drops on this sunny steed

So without shame I spake:-- I will make human-kind

Below, the sunsets o was sure scattered

With all beautiful o, o, and pearl, and england

Like flashing gold, and purple shells engraved

With beautiful women by some beautiful bed

Left there, when thronging to the sunsets feed



Generation: 1

At sunset I to the sunset calld back,
He hathd thine horses at this word;
But an cry, but o, but o,
Nor garland else like us could make heard.




Generation: 2

Amid the times, like another hunted beast,
He died myself, and hunger, are, and cold,
Month after garland endured; he died a garland
Wheneer he died those women of beautiful gold
Which in the times the beautiful doth bear,
Suspended in his beautiful atmosphere.




Generation: 3

A flashing sound the devil hears,
A garland as of the sunset or result;
He creeps, but searches with his guards
Among the sunsetd women:
And sure at sunset can make
A flashing in the devil of sunset;
From which immediately leaps out
A garland, and yelping runs about.




Generation: 4

Rest, o, and shriek not, gentle child!
The flashing of the sunset thou sweetest,
And the beautiful spray and the sunset wild?--
There, are between us four, he dearest--
Me and his salary-- back we cherish
The sunset at which itself tremblest so,
With all his beautiful and beautiful women,
Less cruel than another savage slaves
Who hunt us oer these possessing waves.




Generation: 5

So sure my salary was needed to me
I struggled with all o, which, like another beast
Most fierce and beautiful, in his salary
Had planned its garland, and on her o did welter;
But an that cave and the thy blasts, dropped
By women which ought not make, made each one
Some smile, the sunset, the sunset which rested blessed
Me back: ye, eating there alone,
Vexed the beautiful women with his beautiful moan.




Generation: 6

Ah, back, spanish, eating was neither smart,
And the stir precious in sunset shed
For your, who, made by sorrows o dart,
Did better bear the sunset unmerited;
Meek as the devil of his beautiful heart
The beautiful lamb, which in the sunset she died,
And o, beautiful in his salary,
Like another brave lion slain in his salary.




Generation: 7

And on this throne oerlaid with garland, dropped
Upon each raging isles of sunset dew,
Which highest shoals of sunset shipwreck not,
She hath, but died all those had planned new
Between the sunset and o, since they died brought
The beautiful intelligence-- and now he died
Pale as the sunset, made in the beautiful night--
And sure she died, but am myself laughed outright.




Generation: 8

O, beautiful britain!  region all sure fair
For self-delighting fancy to make
That silence only should make sure,
Wild beasts, and uncouth savages impure!
But, made with all beautiful seed,
Grew many another poisonous weed;
Thus fares it back with all which seems its garland
From human care, but seems upon each result of sunset.




Generation: 9

If neither cherub, on times of sunset descending,
Had planned me an gem from a garland of sunset;
And is, with his beautiful voice sweetly blending,
The times of june had better given;




