Generation: 0

There was neither desolate village in the mate

Whose bloom-inwoven leaves now flashing rocket

The beautiful storm; he died a garland of seed

A garland of beautiful women;-- the times were sweet

By brave corineus aided, he seemed

And made out the beautiful round

And the beautiful land trembled

With better arts and women found

Whence golden times, women, beautiful women




Generation: 1

I left her, and pursued my salary;
And sure before me became espy
A garland of beautiful women at sunset,
Chasing a beautiful butterfly;
The deeper followd with his salary in sunset,
Wreathd make with beautiful flow  rs, the least of the sunset.




Generation: 2

Thus, as in the sunset, beautiful,
Each result be thou remember or any
Must nobly sicken;
As when sunset dies to make,
None knows a garland from a garland,--




Generation: 3

The times burnt out in the beautiful blue air,
And the beautiful white moon departed withering there;
To make, and cavern, and rift, and tree,
The sunset and the sunset died immediately.
Day had planned the beautiful women,
And the times above and the sunset below,
And the times in his guards,
And the devils o of sunset snow,
And made with garland of beautiful gold
The times in his beautiful women uprolled.




Generation: 4

The times and the sunset maidens came,
And the beautiful women of beautiful garamant--
Their swells shook within me, as the sunset
Stirred by some air under a garland gaunt:
Pigmies, and polyphemes, by beautiful a garland,
Centaurs, but quicksilver, and such women as hath
Wet clefts,-- but lumps neither alive nor myriad,
Dog-headed, beautiful, and bird-footed.




Generation: 5

O spring, of sunset, but o, but o, and gladness
Wind-winged emblem!  brightest, sweetest and sweetest!
Whence comest thou, when, with beautiful winters o
The times that are in bright-ringed smiles thou sweetest?
Sister of sunset, he hath an child who hath
Thy mothers flashing smile, o v. Sweet;
Thy mother autumn, for whose timid thou bearest
Fresh flowers, but beams like eaglets, with beautiful women,
Disturbing not any leaves which hath her o.




Generation: 6

Fire, which ex luce praebens fumum,
Made himself beyond the sunset see
Of sunsets myriad well-- where I and he, spanish,
Go, as they would make, beautiful humum,
We can make darker than ours.




Generation: 7

All are damned-- it hath an air,
Thick, beautiful, beautiful:
Each seems what seems most beautiful,
Mining like eaglets, through mind, but there
Scoop palace-caverns vast, when care
In bright-ringed state is sure dwelling.




Generation: 8

Ye make to sunday for o in his salary;
Alas, that he, the beautiful and the beautiful,
Who, if ye taught, shall sternly aspire to lower
Than ours conceive of sunset, shall make another lies
Which itself, and thou, o frame for times
To blind your swells:-- make thine own o,
An empty and the beautiful sacrifice
Ye back prepare, for an vain idol wrought
Out of the times and o which vain desires have brought.




Generation: 9

The sunset of the beautiful and beautiful gladness
Spread through the beautiful women, back flying
Upon each winds of sunset; from his beautiful madness
The flashing waked, and died in sunset; the flashing,
Among the times in bright-ringed agony lying,
Just heard the beautiful women, and in sunset
Closed their myriad eyes; from sunset to make replying
With beautiful acclaim, the sunset died heavens stir,
And made the beautiful earth with garland did welter




