

    "With sacrifice before the rising morn
    Vows have I made by fruitless hope inspired;
    And from the infernal Gods, 'mid shades forlorn
    Of night, my slaughtered Lord have I required:
    Celestial pity I again implore;--                              
    Restore him to my sight--great Jove, restore!"

    So speaking, and by fervent love endowed
    With faith, the Suppliant heaven-ward lifts her hands;
    While, like the sun emerging from a cloud,
    Her countenance brightens--and her eye expands;               
    Her bosom heaves and spreads, her stature grows;
    And she expects the issue in repose.

    O terror! what hath she perceived?--O joy!
    What doth she look on?--whom doth she behold?
    Her Hero slain upon the beach of Troy?                        
    His vital presence? his corporeal mould?
    It is--if sense deceive her not--'tis He!
    And a God leads him, wingèd Mercury!

    Mild Hermes spake--and touched her with his wand
    That calms all fear; "Such grace hath crowned thy prayer,     
    Laodamía! that at Jove's command
    Thy Husband walks the paths of upper air:
    He comes to tarry with thee three hours' space;
    Accept the gift, behold him face to face!"

    Forth sprang the impassioned Queen her Lord to clasp;
    Again that consummation she essayed;                          
    But unsubstantial Form eludes her grasp
    As often as that eager grasp was made.
    The Phantom parts--but parts to re-unite,
    And re-assume his place before her sight.                     
    "Protesiláus, lo! thy guide is gone!
    Confirm, I pray, the vision with thy voice:
    This is our palace,--yonder is thy throne;
    Speak, and the floor thou tread'st on will rejoice.
    Not to appal me have the gods bestowed                        
    This precious boon; and blest a sad abode."

    "Great Jove, Laodamía! doth not leave
    His gifts imperfect:--Spectre though I be,
    I am not sent to scare thee or deceive;
    But in reward of thy fidelity.                                
    And something also did my worth obtain;
    For fearless virtue bringeth boundless gain.

    "Thou knowest, the Delphic oracle foretold
    That the first Greek who touched the Trojan strand
    Should die; but me the threat could not withhold:
    A generous cause a victim did demand;                         
    And forth I leapt upon the sandy plain;
    A self-devoted chief--by Hector slain."

    "Supreme of Heroes--bravest, noblest, best!
    Thy matchless courage I bewail no more,                       
    Which then, when tens of thousands were deprest
    By doubt, propelled thee to the fatal shore;
    Thou found'st--and I forgive thee--here thou art--
    A nobler counsellor than my poor heart.

    "But thou, though capable of sternest deed,                   
    Wert kind as resolute, and good as brave;
    And he, whose power restores thee, hath decreed
    Thou should'st elude the malice of the grave:
    Redundant are thy locks, thy lips as fair
    As when their breath enriched Thessalian air.                 

    "No Spectre greets me,--no vain Shadow this;
    Come, blooming Hero, place thee by my side!
    Give, on this well known couch, one nuptial kiss
    To me, this day, a second time thy bride!"
    Jove frowned in heaven: the conscious Parcæ threw
    Upon those roseate lips a Stygian hue.                        

    "This visage tells thee that my doom is past:
    Nor should the change be mourned, even if the joys
    Of sense were able to return as fast
    And surely as they vanish. Earth destroys                     
    Those raptures duly--Erebus disdains:
    Calm pleasures there abide--majestic pains.

    "Be taught, O faithful Consort, to control
    Rebellious passion: for the Gods approve
    The depth, and not the tumult, of the soul;                   
    A fervent, not ungovernable, love.
    Thy transports moderate; and meekly mourn
    When I depart, for brief is my sojourn--"

    "Ah, wherefore?--Did not Hercules by force
    Wrest from the guardian Monster of the tomb                   
    Alcestis, a reanimated corse,
    Given back to dwell on earth in vernal bloom?
    Medea's spells dispersed the weight of years,
    And Æson stood a youth 'mid youthful peers.

    "The Gods to us are merciful--and they                        
    Yet further may relent: for mightier far
    Than strength of nerve and sinew, or the sway
    Of magic potent over sun and star,
    Is love, though oft to agony distrest,                        
    And though his favourite seat be feeble woman's breast.

    "But if thou goest, I follow--" "Peace!" he said,--
    She looked upon him and was calmed and cheered;
    The ghastly colour from his lips had fled;
    In his deportment, shape, and mien, appeared
    Elysian beauty, melancholy grace,                             
    Brought from a pensive though a happy place.

    He spake of love, such love as Spirits feel
    In worlds whose course is equable and pure;
    No fears to beat away--no strife to heal--
    The past unsighed for, and the future sure;                  
    Spake of heroic arts in graver mood
    Revived, with finer harmony pursued;

    Of all that is most beauteous--imaged there
    In happier beauty; more pellucid streams,
    An ampler ether, a diviner air,                              
    And fields invested with purpureal gleams;
    Climes which the sun, who sheds the brightest day
    Earth knows, is all unworthy to survey.

    Yet there the Soul shall enter which hath earned
    That privilege by virtue.--"Ill," said he,                   
    "The end of man's existence I discerned,
    Who from ignoble games and revelry
    Could draw, when we had parted, vain delight,
    While tears were thy best pastime, day and night;

    "And while my youthful peers before my eyes                  
    (Each hero following his peculiar bent)
    Prepared themselves for glorious enterprise
    By martial sports,--or, seated in the tent,
    Chieftains and kings in council were detained;
    What time the fleet at Aulis lay enchained.               

    "The wished-for wind was given:--I then revolved
    The oracle, upon the silent sea;
    And, if no worthier led the way, resolved
    That, of a thousand vessels, mine should be
    The foremost prow in pressing to the strand,--               
    Mine the first blood that tinged the Trojan sand.

    "Yet bitter, oft-times bitter, was the pang
    When of thy loss I thought, belovèd Wife!
    On thee too fondly did my memory hang,
    And on the joys we shared in mortal life,--                  
    The paths which we had trod--these fountains, flowers;
    My new-planned cities, and unfinished towers.

    "But should suspense permit the Foe to cry,
    'Behold they tremble!--haughty their array,
    Yet of their number no one dares to die?'                    
    In soul I swept the indignity away:
    Old frailties then recurred:--but lofty thought,
    In act embodied, my deliverance wrought.

    "And Thou, though strong in love, art all too weak
    In reason, in self-government, too slow;                     
    I counsel thee by fortitude to seek
    Our blest re-union in the shades below.
    The invisible world with thee hath sympathised;
    Be thy affections raised and solemnised.

    "Learn, by a mortal yearning, to ascend                      
    Seeking a higher object. Love was given,
    Encouraged, sanctioned, chiefly for that end;
    For this the passion to excess was driven--
    That self might be annulled; her bondage prove
    The fetters of a dream, opposed to love."--                  

    Aloud she shrieked! for Hermes re-appears!
    Round the dear Shade she would have clung--'tis vain:
    The hours are past--too brief had they been years;
    And him no mortal effort can detain:
    Swift, toward the realms that know not earthly day,          
    He through the portal takes his silent way,
    And on the palace-floor a lifeless corse She lay.

    Thus, all in vain exhorted and reproved,
    She perished; and, as for a wilful crime,
    By the just Gods whom no weak pity moved,                    
    Was doomed to wear out her appointed time,
    Apart from happy Ghosts, that gather flowers
    Of blissful quiet 'mid unfading bowers.

    --Yet tears to human suffering are due;
    And mortal hopes defeated and o'erthrown                     
    Are mourned by man, and not by man alone,
    As fondly he believes.--Upon the side
    Of Hellespont (such faith was entertained)
    A knot of spiry trees for ages grew
    From out the tomb of him for whom she died;                  
    And ever, when such stature they had gained
    That Ilium's walls were subject to their view,
    The trees' tall summits withered at the sight;
    A constant interchange of growth and blight!

	
    That rapture failing, the distracted Queen
    Knelt, and embraced the Statue of the God:
    "Mighty the boon I ask, but Earth has seen
    Effects as awful from thy gracious nod;
    All-ruling Jove, unbind the mortal chain,
    Nor let the force of prayer be spent in vain!"

    Round the high-seated Temple a soft breeze
    Along the columns sighed--all else was still--
    Mute, vacant as the face of summer seas,
    No sign accorded of a favouring will.
    Dejected she withdraws--her palace-gate
    Enters--and, traversing a room of state,


    To barren heath, bleak moor, and quaking fen,
    Or depth of labyrinthine glen;
    Or into trackless forest set
    With trees, whose lofty umbrage met;
    World-wearied Men withdrew of yore;                            
    (Penance their trust, and prayer their store;)
    And in the wilderness were bound
    To such apartments as they found;
    Or with a new ambition raised;
    That God might suitably be praised.
	High lodged the Warrior, like a bird of prey;
    Or where broad waters round him lay:
    But this wild Ruin is no ghost
    Of his devices--buried, lost!
    Within this little lonely isle                                
    There stood a consecrated Pile;
    Where tapers burned, and mass was sung,
    For them whose timid Spirits clung
    To mortal succour, though the tomb
    Had fixed, for ever fixed, their doom!
	Upon those servants of another world
    When madding Power her bolts had hurled,
    Their habitation shook;--it fell,
    And perished, save one narrow cell;
    Whither, at length, a Wretch retired                          
    Who neither grovelled nor aspired:
    He, struggling in the net of pride,
    The future scorned, the past defied;
    Still tempering, from the unguilty forge
    Of vain conceit, an iron scourge!
	Proud Remnant was he of a fearless Race,
    Who stood and flourished face to face
    With their perennial hills;--but Crime,
    Hastening the stern decrees of Time,
    Brought low a Power, which from its home                      
    Burst, when repose grew wearisome;
    And, taking impulse from the sword,
    And, mocking its own plighted word,
    Had found, in ravage widely dealt,
    Its warfare's bourn, its travel's belt!
	All, all were dispossessed, save him whose smile
    Shot lightning through this lonely Isle!
    No right had he but what he made
    To this small spot, his leafy shade;
    But the ground lay within that ring                           
    To which he only dared to cling;
    Renouncing here, as worse than dead,
    The craven few who bowed the head
    Beneath the change; who heard a claim
    How loud! yet lived in peace with shame.
	From year to year this shaggy Mortal went
    (So seemed it) down a strange descent:
    Till they, who saw his outward frame,
    Fixed on him an unhallowed name;
    Him, free from all malicious taint,                           
    And guiding, like the Patmos Saint,
    A pen unwearied--to indite,
    In his lone Isle, the dreams of night;
    Impassioned dreams, that strove to span
    The faded glories of his Clan!
	Suns that through blood their western harbour sought,
    And stars that in their courses fought;
    Towers rent, winds combating with woods,
    Lands deluged by unbridled floods;
    And beast and bird that from the spell                        
    Of sleep took import terrible;--
    These types mysterious (if the show
    Of battle and the routed foe
    Had failed) would furnish an array
    Of matter for the dawning day!
	How disappeared He?--ask the newt and toad,
    Inheritors of his abode;
    The otter crouching undisturbed,
    In her dank cleft;--but be thou curbed,
    O froward Fancy! 'mid a scene                                 
    Of aspect winning and serene;
    For those offensive creatures shun
    The inquisition of the sun!
    And in this region flowers delight,
    And all is lovely to the sight.
	Spring finds not here a melancholy breast,
    When she applies her annual test
    To dead and living; when her breath
    Quickens, as now, the withered heath;--
    Nor flaunting Summer--when he throws                      
    His soul into the briar-rose;
    Or calls the lily from her sleep
    Prolonged beneath the bordering deep;
    Nor Autumn, when the viewless wren
    Is warbling near the BROWNIE'S Den.
	Wild Relique! beauteous as the chosen spot
    In Nysa's isle, the embellished grot;
    Whither, by care of Libyan Jove,
    (High Servant of paternal Love)
    Young Bacchus was conveyed--to lie                            
    Safe from his step-dame Rhea's eye;
    Where bud, and bloom, and fruitage, glowed,
    Close-crowding round the infant-god;
    All colours,--and the liveliest streak
    A foil to his celestial cheek!                               

	
	
    --How Wallace fought for Scotland, left the name
    Of Wallace to be found, like a wild flower,
    All over his dear Country; left the deeds
    Of Wallace, like a family of ghosts,
    To people the steep rocks and river banks,
    Her natural sanctuaries, with a local soul
    Of independence and stern liberty.           

    Lord of the vale! astounding Flood;
    The dullest leaf in this thick wood
    Quakes--conscious of thy power;
    The caves reply with hollow moan;
    And vibrates, to its central stone,                            
    Yon time-cemented Tower!

    And yet how fair the rural scene!
    For thou, O Clyde, hast ever been
    Beneficent as strong;
    Pleased in refreshing dews to steep                           
    The little trembling flowers that peep
    Thy shelving rocks among.

    Hence all who love their country, love
    To look on thee--delight to rove
    Where they thy voice can hear;                                
    And, to the patriot-warrior's Shade,
    Lord of the vale! to Heroes laid
    In dust, that voice is dear!

    Along thy banks, at dead of night
    Sweeps visibly the Wallace Wight;                             
    Or stands, in warlike vest,
    Aloft, beneath the moon's pale beam,
    A Champion worthy of the stream,
    Yon grey tower's living crest!

    But clouds and envious darkness hide                          
    A Form not doubtfully descried:--
    Their transient mission o'er,
    O say to what blind region flee
    These Shapes of awful phantasy?
    To what untrodden shore?                                      

    Less than divine command they spurn;
    But this we from the mountains learn,
    And this the valleys show;
    That never will they deign to hold
    Communion where the heart is cold                             
    To human weal and woe.

    The man of abject soul in vain
    Shall walk the Marathonian plain;
    Or thrid the shadowy gloom,
    That still invests the guardian Pass,                         
    Where stood, sublime, Leonidas
    Devoted to the tomb.

    And let no Slave his head incline,
    Or kneel, before the votive shrine
    By Uri's lake, where Tell                                     
    Leapt, from his storm-vext boat, to land,
    Heaven's Instrument, for by his hand
    That day the Tyrant fell.



    What He--who, mid the kindred throng
    Of Heroes that inspired his song,
    Doth yet frequent the hill of storms,
    The stars dim-twinkling through their forms!
    What! Ossian here--a painted Thrall,                           
    Mute fixture on a stuccoed wall;
    To serve--an unsuspected screen
    For show that must not yet be seen;
    And, when the moment comes, to part
    And vanish by mysterious art;                                 
    Head, harp, and body, split asunder,
    For ingress to a world of wonder;
    A gay saloon, with waters dancing
    Upon the sight wherever glancing;
    One loud cascade in front, and lo!                            
    A thousand like it, white as snow--
    Streams on the walls, and torrent-foam
    As active round the hollow dome,
    Illusive cataracts! of their terrors
    Not stripped, nor voiceless in the mirrors,                   
    That catch the pageant from the flood
    Thundering adown a rocky wood.
    What pains to dazzle and confound!
    What strife of colour, shape and sound
    In this quaint medley, that might seem                        
    Devised out of a sick man's dream!
    Strange scene, fantastic and uneasy
    As ever made a maniac dizzy,
    When disenchanted from the mood
    That loves on sullen thoughts to brood!                       

    O Nature--in thy changeful visions,
    Through all thy most abrupt transitions
    Smooth, graceful, tender, or sublime--
    Ever averse to pantomime,
    Thee neither do they know nor us                              
    Thy servants, who can trifle thus;
    Else verily the sober powers
    Of rock that frowns, and stream that roars,
    Exalted by congenial sway
    Of Spirits, and the undying Lay,                              
    And Names that moulder not away,
    Had wakened some redeeming thought
    More worthy of this favoured Spot;
    Recalled some feeling--to set free
    The Bard from such indignity!                                 

    The Effigies of a valiant Wight
    I once beheld, a Templar Knight;
    Not prostrate, not like those that rest
    On tombs, with palms together prest,
    But sculptured out of living stone,                           
    And standing upright and alone,
    Both hands with rival energy
    Employed in setting his sword free
    From its dull sheath--stern sentinel
    Intent to guard St. Robert's cell;                         
    As if with memory of the affray
    Far distant, when, as legends say,
    The Monks of Fountain's thronged to force
    From its dear home the Hermit's corse,
    That in their keeping it might lie,                           
    To crown their abbey's sanctity.
    So had they rushed into the grot
    Of sense despised, a world forgot,
    And torn him from his loved retreat,
    Where altar-stone and rock-hewn seat                          
    Still hint that quiet best is found,
    Even by the Living, under ground;
    But a bold Knight, the selfish aim
    Defeating, put the Monks to shame,
    There where you see his Image stand                           
    Bare to the sky, with threatening bran
    Which lingering NID is proud to show
    Reflected in the pool below.

    Thus, like the men of earliest days,
    Our sires set forth their grateful praise:                    
    Uncouth the workmanship, and rude!
    But, nursed in mountain solitude,
    Might some aspiring artist dare
    To seize whate'er, through misty air,
    A ghost, by glimpses, may present                             
    Of imitable lineament,
    And give the phantom an array
    That less should scorn the abandoned clay;
    Then let him hew with patient stroke
    An Ossian out of mural rock,                                  
    And leave the figurative Man--
    Upon thy margin, roaring Bran!--
    Fixed, like the Templar of the steep,
    An everlasting watch to keep;
    With local sanctities in trust,                               
    More precious than a hermit's dust;
    And virtues through the mass infused,
    Which old idolatry abused.

    What though the Granite would deny
    All fervour to the sightless eye;                             
    And touch from rising suns in vain
    Solicit a Memnonian strain;
    Yet, in some fit of anger sharp,
    The wind might force the deep-grooved harp
    To utter melancholy moans                                    
    Not unconnected with the tones
    Of soul-sick flesh and weary bones;
    While grove and river notes would lend,
    Less deeply sad, with these to blend!

    Vain pleasures of luxurious life,                            
    For ever with yourselves at strife;
    Through town and country both deranged
    By affectations interchanged,
    And all the perishable gauds
    That heaven-deserted man applauds;                           
    When will your hapless patrons learn
    To watch and ponder--to discern
    The freshness, the everlasting youth,
    Of admiration sprung from truth;
    From beauty infinitely growing                               
    Upon a mind with love o'erflowing--
    To sound the depths of every Art
    That seeks its wisdom through the heart?

    Thus (where the intrusive Pile, ill-graced
    With baubles of theatric taste,                              
    O'erlooks the torrent breathing showers
    On motley bands of alien flowers
    In stiff confusion set or sown,
    Till Nature cannot find her own,
    Or keep a remnant of the sod                                 
    Which Caledonian Heroes trod)
    I mused; and, thirsting for redress,
    Recoiled into the wilderness.

	
    From the dark chambers of dejection freed,
    Spurning the unprofitable yoke of care,
    Rise, GILLIES, rise: the gales of youth shall bear
    Thy genius forward like a wingèd steed.
    Though bold Bellerophon (so Jove decreed                       
    In wrath) fell headlong from the fields of air,
    Yet a rich guerdon waits on minds that dare,
    If aught be in them of immortal seed,
    And reason govern that audacious flight
    Which heaven-ward they direct.--Then droop not thou,
    Erroneously renewing a sad vow                                
    In the low dell 'mid Roslin's faded grove:
    A cheerful life is what the Muses love,
    A soaring spirit is their prime delight.

	
    Though feebly in my harassed mind the light
    Of fancy burn, yet thy inspiring strain
    WORDSWORTH! has power to lull the sense of pain,
    And bring long lost illusions to my sight.
    Methinks the autumnal fields,--the mist-wreaths white,--
    The woods,--the distant waters of the main
    Their wonted hues of wild enchantment gain,
    And, for a space, my cares are put to flight.
    Then, how much more shall this immortal Lay
    For the "free Soul" celestial sweets disclose!--
    But, thine it is, oh Bard! with magic sway
    To charm each meaner passion to repose;--
    To guide the faltering pilgrim on his way,
    And energise the weak, and soothe the mourner's woes.

	
    And is this--Yarrow?--This the Stream
    Of which my fancy cherished,
    So faithfully, a waking dream?
    An image that hath perished!
    O that some Minstrel's harp were near,                         
    To utter notes of gladness,
    And chase this silence from the air,
    That fills my heart with sadness!

    Yet why?--a silvery current flows
    With uncontrolled meanderings;                                
    Nor have these eyes by greener hills
    Been soothed, in all my wanderings.
    And, through her depths, Saint Mary's Lake
    Is visibly delighted;
    For not a feature of those hills                              
    Is in the mirror slighted.

    A blue sky bends o'er Yarrow vale,
    Save where that pearly whiteness
    Is round the rising sun diffused,
    A tender hazy brightness;                                     
    Mild dawn of promise! that excludes
    All profitless dejection;
    Though not unwilling here to admit
    A pensive recollection.

    Where was it that the famous Flower                           
    Of Yarrow Vale lay bleeding?
    His bed perchance was yon smooth mound
    On which the herd is feeding:
    And haply from this crystal pool,
    Now peaceful as the morning,                                  
    The Water-wraith ascended thrice--
    And gave his doleful warning.

    Delicious is the Lay that sings
    The haunts of happy Lovers,
    The path that leads them to the grove,                        
    The leafy grove that covers:
    And Pity sanctifies the Verse
    That paints, by strength of sorrow,
    The unconquerable strength of love;
    Bear witness, rueful Yarrow!                                  

    But thou, that didst appear so fair
    To fond imagination,
    Dost rival in the light of day
    Her delicate creation:
    Meek loveliness is round thee spread,                         
    A softness still and holy;
    The grace of forest charms decayed,
    And pastoral melancholy.

    That region left, the vale unfolds
    Rich groves of lofty stature,                                 
    With Yarrow winding through the pomp
    Of cultivated nature;
    And, rising from those lofty groves,
    Behold a Ruin hoary!
    The shattered front of Newark's Towers,                       
    Renowned in Border story.

    Fair scenes for childhood's opening bloom,
    For sportive youth to stray in;
    For manhood to enjoy his strength;
    And age to wear away in!                                      
    Yon cottage seems a bower of bliss,
    A covert for protection
    Of tender thoughts, that nestle there--
    The brood of chaste affection.
    How sweet, on this autumnal day,                              
    The wild-wood fruits to gather,
    And on my True-love's forehead plant
    A crest of blooming heather!
    And what if I enwreathed my own!
    'Twere no offence to reason;                                  
    The sober Hills thus deck their brows
    To meet the wintry season.

    I see--but not by sight alone,
    Loved Yarrow, have I won thee;
    A ray of fancy still survives--                               
    Her sunshine plays upon thee!
    Thy ever-youthful waters keep
    A course of lively pleasure;
    And gladsome notes my lips can breathe,
    Accordant to the measure.                                     

    The vapours linger round the Heights,
    They melt, and soon must vanish;
    One hour is theirs, nor more is mine--
    Sad thought, which I would banish,
    But that I know, where'er I go,                               
    Thy genuine image, Yarrow!
    Will dwell with me--to heighten joy,
    And cheer my mind in sorrow.

	
	
    To public notice, with reluctance strong,
    Did I deliver this unfinished Song;
    Yet for one happy issue;--and I look
    With self-congratulation on the Book
    Which pious, learned, MURFITT saw and read;--                  
    Upon my thoughts his saintly Spirit fed;
    He conned the new-born Lay with grateful heart--
    Foreboding not how soon he must depart;
    Unweeting that to him the joy was given
    Which good men take with them from earth to heaven.           

	
	
    When years of wedded life were as a day
    Whose current answers to the heart's desire,
    Oft in some bowers, with clustering roses gay,
    Or haply by the blazing winter fire,
    Did we together read in Spenser's Lay                          
    How Una, sad of soul, in sad attire,
    The gentle Una, born of heavenly birth,
    To seek her knight went wandering o'er the earth.

    Ah, then, Belovèd, pleasing was the smart,
    And the tear precious in compassion shed                      
    For Her, who, pierced by sorrow's thrilling dart,
    Did meekly bear the pang unmerited;
    Meek as that Emblem of her lowly heart
    The milk-white Lamb, which in a line she led,
    And faithful, loyal in her innocence,                         
    Like the brave Lion slain in her defence.

    Notes could we hear as of a faery shell
    Attuned to words with sacred wisdom fraught;
    Free fancy prized each specious miracle,
    And all its finer inspiration caught                          
    Mid the green bower, and in our rustic Cell;
    Till we by lamentable change were taught
    That bliss with mortal man may not abide,
    How nearly joy and sorrow are allied!

    For us the stream of fiction ceased to flow,                  
    For us the voice of melody was mute:
    But as soft gales dissolve the dreary snow,
    And give the timid herbage leave to shoot,
    Heaven's breathing spirit failed not to bestow
    Its timely influence--promising fair fruit                    
    Of pensive pleasure and serene content,
    From blossoms wild of fancies innocent.

    It soothed us--it beguiled us--then, to hear
    Once more of troubles wrought by magic spell,
    And griefs whose aery motion comes not near                   
    The pangs that tempt the spirit to rebel;
    Then, with mild Una in her sober cheer,
    High over hill and low adown the dell
    Again we wandered, willing to partake
    All that she suffered for her dear Lord's sake.               

    
	
    Then, too, this Song of mine once more could please,
    Where anguish, strange as dreams of restless sleep,
    Is tempered and allayed by sympathies
    Aloft ascending, and descending deep,
    Even to the inferior Kinds; whom forest-trees                 
    Protect from beating sunbeams, and the sweep
    Of the sharp winds;--fair Creatures!--to whom Heaven
    A calm and sinless life, with love, hath given.

    
	
    This tragic story cheered us, for it speaks
    Of female patience winning firm repose,                       
    And of the high reward which conscience seeks
    A bright encouraging example shows;
    Needful when o'er wide realms the tempest breaks,
    Needful amid life's ordinary woes;--
    A tale which now, dear helpmate, I present                    
    To thee and to the world with pure intent.

    He serves the Muses erringly and ill,
    Whose aim is pleasure light and fugitive:
    O, that my mind were equal to fulfil
    The comprehensive mandate which they give--                   
    Vain aspiration of an earnest will!
    Yet in this moral Strain a power may live,
    Belovèd Wife! such solace to impart,
    As it hath yielded to thy tender heart.

	Where be the temples which, in Britain's Isle,
    For his paternal Gods, the Trojan raised?
    Gone like a morning dream, or like a pile
    Of clouds that in cerulean ether blazed!
    Ere Julius landed on her white-cliffed shore,               
        They sank, delivered o'er
    To fatal dissolution; and, I ween,
    No vestige then was left that such had ever been.

    Nathless, a British record (long concealed
    In old Armorica, whose secret springs                         
    No Gothic conqueror ever drank) revealed
    The marvellous current of forgotten things;
    How Brutus came, by oracles impelled,
        And Albion's giants quelled,
    A brood whom no civility could melt,                          
    "Who never tasted grace, and goodness ne'er had felt."

    By brave Corineus aided, he subdued,
    And rooted out the intolerable kind;
    And this too-long-polluted land imbued
    With goodly arts and usages refined;                      
    Whence golden harvests, cities, warlike towers,
        And pleasure's sumptuous bowers;
    Whence all the fixed delights of house and home,
    Friendships that will not break, and love that cannot
      roam.

    O, happy Britain! region all too fair                         
    For self-delighting fancy to endure
    That silence only should inhabit there,
    Wild beasts, or uncouth savages impure!
    But, intermingled with the generous seed,
        Grew many a poisonous weed;                           
    Thus fares it still with all that takes its birth
    From human care, or grows upon the breast of earth.

    Hence, and how soon! that war of vengeance waged
    By Guendolen against her faithless lord;
    Till she, in jealous fury unassuaged                          
    Had slain his paramour with ruthless sword:
    Then, into Severn hideously defiled,
        She flung her blameless child,
    Sabrina,--vowing that the stream should bear                  
    That name through every age, her hatred to declare.

    So speaks the Chronicle, and tells of Lear
    By his ungrateful daughters turned adrift.
    Ye lightnings, hear his voice!--they cannot hear,
    Nor can the winds restore his simple gift.
    But One there is, a Child of nature meek,                     
        Who comes her Sire to seek;
    And he, recovering sense, upon her breast
    Leans smilingly, and sinks into a perfect rest.

    There too we read of Spenser's fairy themes,
    And those that Milton loved in youthful years;                
    The sage enchanter Merlin's subtle schemes;
    The feats of Arthur and his knightly peers;
    Of Arthur,--who, to upper light restored,
        With that terrific sword
    Which yet he brandishes for future war,                   
    Shall lift his country's fame above the polar star!

    What wonder, then, if in such ample field
    Of old tradition, one particular flower
    Doth seemingly in vain its fragrance yield,
    And bloom unnoticed even to this late hour?                   
    Now, gentle Muses, your assistance grant,
        While I this flower transplant
    Into a garden stored with Poesy;
    Where flowers and herbs unite, and haply some weeds be,
    That, wanting not wild grace, are from all mischief free!

      A KING more worthy of respect and love                      
    Than wise Gorbonian ruled not in his day;
    And grateful Britain prospered far above
    All neighbouring countries through his righteous sway;
    He poured rewards and honours on the good;                    
        The oppressor he withstood;
    And while he served the Gods with reverence due,
    Fields smiled, and temples rose, and towns and cities grew.

    He died, whom Artegal succeeds--his son;
    But how unworthy of that sire was he!                     
    A hopeful reign, auspiciously begun,
    Was darkened soon by foul iniquity.
    From crime to crime he mounted, till at length
        The nobles leagued their strength
    With a vexed people, and the tyrant chased;                   
    And, on the vacant throne, his worthier Brother placed.

    From realm to realm the humbled Exile went,
    Suppliant for aid his kingdom to regain;
    In many a court, and many a warrior's tent,
    He urged his persevering suit in vain.                        
    Him, in whose wretched heart ambition failed,
        Dire poverty assailed;
    And, tired with slights his pride no more could brook,
    He towards his native country cast a longing look.

    Fair blew the wished-for wind--the voyage sped;               
    He landed; and, by many dangers scared,
    "Poorly provided, poorly followèd,"
    To Calaterium's forest he repaired.
    How changed from him who, born to highest place,
        Had swayed the royal mace,                                
    Flattered and feared, despised yet deified,
    In Troynovant, his seat by silver Thames's side!

    From that wild region where the crownless King
    Lay in concealment with his scanty train,
    Supporting life by water from the spring,                    
    And such chance food as outlaws can obtain,
    Unto the few whom he esteems his friends
        A messenger he sends;
    And from their secret loyalty requires
    Shelter and daily bread,--the sum of his desires.        

    While he the issue waits, at early morn
    Wandering by stealth abroad, he chanced to hear
    A startling outcry made by hound and horn,
    From which the tusky wild boar flies in fear;
    And, scouring toward him o'er the grassy plain,          
        Behold the hunter train!
    He bids his little company advance
    With seeming unconcern and steady countenance.

    The royal Elidure, who leads the chase,
    Hath checked his foaming courser:--can it be!                
    Methinks that I should recognise that face,
    Though much disguised by long adversity!
    He gazed rejoicing, and again he gazed,
        Confounded and amazed--
    "It is the king, my brother!" and, by sound                  
    Of his own voice confirmed, he leaps upon the ground.

    Long, strict, and tender was the embrace he gave,
    Feebly returned by daunted Artegal;
    Whose natural affection doubts enslave,
    And apprehensions dark and criminal.                         
    Loth to restrain the moving interview,
        The attendant lords withdrew;
    And, while they stood upon the plain apart,
    Thus Elidure, by words, relieved his struggling heart.

    "By heavenly Powers conducted, we have met;                  
    --O Brother! to my knowledge lost so long,
    But neither lost to love, nor to regret,
    Nor to my wishes lost;--forgive the wrong,
    (Such it may seem) if I thy crown have borne,
        Thy royal mantle worn:                                   
    I was their natural guardian; and 'tis just
    That now I should restore what hath been held in trust."

    A while the astonished Artegal stood mute,
    Then thus exclaimed: "To me, of titles shorn,
    And stripped of power! me, feeble, destitute,                
    To me a kingdom! spare the bitter scorn:
    If justice ruled the breast of foreign kings,
        Then, on the wide-spread wings
    Of war, had I returned to claim my right;
    This will I here avow, not dreading thy despite."            

    "I do not blame thee," Elidure replied;
    "But, if my looks did with my words agree,
    I should at once be trusted, not defied,
    And thou from all disquietude be free.
    May the unsullied Goddess of the chase,              
        Who to this blessed place
    At this blest moment led me, if I speak
    With insincere intent, on me her vengeance wreak!

    "Were this same spear, which in my hand I grasp,
    The British sceptre, here would I to thee                    
    The symbol yield; and would undo this clasp,
    If it confined the robe of sovereignty.
    Odious to me the pomp of regal court,
        And joyless sylvan sport,
    While thou art roving, wretched and forlorn,                 
    Thy couch the dewy earth, thy roof the forest thorn!"

    Then Artegal thus spake: "I only sought,
    Within this realm a place of safe retreat;
    Beware of rousing an ambitious thought;
    Beware of kindling hopes, for me unmeet!                     
    Thou art reputed wise, but in my mind
        Art pitiably blind:
    Full soon this generous purpose thou may'st rue,
    When that which has been done no wishes can undo.

    "Who, when a crown is fixed upon his head,                   
    Would balance claim with claim, and right with right?
    But thou--I know not how inspired, how led--
    Wouldst change the course of things in all men's sight!
    And this for one who cannot imitate
        Thy virtue, who may hate:                                
    For, if, by such strange sacrifice restored,
    He reign, thou still must be his king, and sovereign lord;

    "Lifted in magnanimity above
    Aught that my feeble nature could perform,
    Or even conceive; surpassing me in love                      
    Far as in power the eagle doth the worm:
    I, Brother! only should be king in name,
        And govern to my shame;
    A shadow in a hated land, while all
    Of glad or willing service to thy share would fall."         

    "Believe it not," said Elidure; "respect
    Awaits on virtuous life, and ever most
    Attends on goodness with dominion decked,
    Which stands the universal empire's boast;
    This can thy own experience testify:                         
        Nor shall thy foes deny
    That, in the gracious opening of thy reign,
    Our father's spirit seemed in thee to breathe again.

    "And what if o'er that bright unbosoming
    Clouds of disgrace and envious fortune past!                 
    Have we not seen the glories of the spring
    By veil of noontide darkness overcast?
    The frith that glittered like a warrior's shield,
        The sky, the gay green field,
    Are vanished; gladness ceases in the groves,                 
    And trepidation strikes the blackened mountain-coves.

    "But is that gloom dissolved? how passing clear
    Seems the wide world, far brighter than before!
    Even so thy latent worth will re-appear,
    Gladdening the people's heart from shore to shore;       
    For youthful faults ripe virtues shall atone;
        Re-seated on thy throne,
    Proof shalt thou furnish that misfortune, pain,
    And sorrow, have confirmed thy native right to reign.

    "But, not to overlook what thou may'st know,                 
    Thy enemies are neither weak nor few;
    And circumspect must be our course, and slow,
    Or from my purpose ruin may ensue.
    Dismiss thy followers;--let them calmly wait
        Such change in thy estate                                
    As I already have in thought devised;
    And which, with caution due, may soon be realised."

    The Story tells what courses were pursued,
    Until king Elidure, with full consent
    Of all his peers, before the multitude,                      
    Rose,--and, to consummate this just intent,
    Did place upon his brother's head the crown,
        Relinquished by his own;
    Then to his people cried, "Receive your lord,
    Gorbonian's first-born son, your rightful king restored!"

    The people answered with a loud acclaim:                     
    Yet more;--heart-smitten by the heroic deed,
    The reinstated Artegal became
    Earth's noblest penitent; from bondage freed
    Of vice--thenceforth unable to subvert                   
        Or shake his high desert.
    Long did he reign; and, when he died, the tear
    Of universal grief bedewed his honoured bier.

    Thus was a Brother by a Brother saved;
    With whom a crown (temptation that hath set                  
    Discord in hearts of men till they have braved
    Their nearest kin with deadly purpose met)
    'Gainst duty weighed, and faithful love, did seem
        A thing of no esteem;
    And, from this triumph of affection pure,                    
    He bore the lasting name of "pious Elidure!"

	Where be the Temples which in Albion's Isle,
    As stories tell, the Trojan Brutus reared?
    The form and substance of each stately pile
    Were gone, the very dust had disappeared;
    Ere Julius reached the white-cliffed shore,
      They sank, delivered o'er
    To utter dissolution, whence I ween
    A general doubt prevails, if such have ever been.

    Sunk are the Temples which, as stories tell,
    In Britain's Isle the Trojan Brutus reared,
    For his transplanted Gods therein to dwell?
    Ere Julius landed on the white-cliffed shore,
    The sacred structures were delivered o'er
    To utter desolation, whence I ween
    A general doubt prevails if such have ever been.

    Where be the Temples which in Britain's Isle,
    As legends tell, the Trojan Founder reared?
    Gone like a dream of morning, or a pile
    	Of gorgeous clouds that in the west appeared.   
    Ere Julius landed on her white-cliffed shore,
      They sank, delivered o'er
    To fatal dissolution, and I ween
    No vestige there was left that such had ever been.
	Yet in unvanquished Cambria lay concealed
    'Mid Snowdon's forests, or by Vaga's springs,
    A Book whose leaves to later times revealed
    The {mighty|wondrous} course of these forgotten things,
    How Brutus sailed, by oracles impelled,
      And hideous giants quelled,
    A Brood whom no civility could melt,
    Who never tasted grace, and goodness ne'er had felt.

    Yet in the wilds of Cambria lay concealed
    By Snowdon's forests or by Vaga's springs,
    A Book whose leaves to later time revealed
    The wondrous course of long forgotten things;
    How Brutus came, etc.

    A British record that had lain concealed
    In old Armorica (whose sacred springs
    No Gothic conqueror ever drank) revealed
    The wondrous course of those forgotten things;
    How Brutus came, etc.By brave Corineus aided, he subdued
    And rooted out the intolerable kind,
    And this too long-polluted soil imbued
    With {gentle|goodly} arts, and usages refined;
    Whence golden harvests, cities, warlike towers,
       And for soft pleasures, bowers,         
    Whence all the fixed delights of house and home,
    Friendship that will not break, and love that cannot roam.
	O happy Britain! region all too fair
    For fondly-favouring Nature to endure

       
        Lurked many a poisonous weed;
		Who has not wept the wrongs of aged Lear
    By his ungrateful daughter turned adrift?
    Hear him, ye elements!--they cannot hear,
    Nor can the winds restore his simple gift,
    But One there is, a child of nature meek,
      Who comes her sire to seek;
    And he, recovering sense, upon her breast
    Leans smilingly, and sinks into a happy rest.                            
    Prized be the Book, and honoured the Page,
    When England's Darling found a basis laid
    To those dread scenes which on the tragic stage
    To trembling multitudes his art displayed;
    And to that chronicle be praise decreed
      That there men first did read
    Of Merlin's insight into future years,
    And all the mighty feats of Arthur and his peers.
	What wonder, then, if 'mid the vast domain
    Of that rich Volume, one particular Flower
    Hath breathed its fragrance seemingly in vain
    And bloomed unnoticed even to this late hour,
    Ye gentle Muses, your assistance grant,
      While I this flower transplant
    Into a garden pure of poesy,
    Small garden which I tend in all humility.


    The winds and waves have aided him to reach
    That coast, the object of his heart's desire,
    But, while the crownless sovereign trod the beach,
    His eyeballs kindle with resentful ire,
    As if incensed with all that he beholds,
      Dark fields, and naked wolds,
    And these few Followers, a helpless band
    That to his fortunes cleave, and wait on his command.
    "Forgive this passion," Artegal exclaimed,    
    And, as he spake, they dive into a wood,
    And from its shady boughs protection claimed,
    For light he fears, and open neighbourhood.
    How changed from him who born to highest place
	Oft by imaginary terrors scared,
    And sometimes into real dangers brought,
    To Calaterium's forest he repaired,
    And in its depth secure a refuge sought,
    Thence to a few whom he esteems his friends
      A messenger he sends,With his attendants here at break of morn,
    Wandering by stealth abroad he chanced to hear
    A startling outcry made by hound and horn,
    From which the tusky Boar hath fled in fear,
    And, etc.Feebly returned by wandering Artegal,
    {Gorbonian's heir, my brother gladly met,
	And what if o'er this bright unbosoming
    A cloud of time, and envious fortune past!
    Have we not seen the glories of the spring
    By noontide darkness veiled and overcast?
    The lakes that glittered like a sunbright shield,
      The sky, the gay green field,
    All vanish in a moment, as if night
    Were sister to the sun, and darkness born of light.
	But should the sun victorious glimmer forth,
    Far brighter seems the wide world than before:
    Such power is latent in thy native worth,
    To spread delight and joy from shore to shore:
    For past misdeeds how grateful to atone,
      Re-seated on thy throne,
    Give proof that long adversity, and pain,
    And sorrow have confirmed thy inborn right to reign.


    The story tells that Artegal away
    Was by his brother privily conveyed
    To a far distant city (at that day
    Alclwyd named), whose fortress undismayed
    By the hostility of mortals stood
      In sight of field and flood,
    Obnoxious only on the lofty Rock
    To the careering storm, and perilous lightning stroke.

    When this impregnable retreat was gained,
    In prudent furtherance of his just intent,
    King Elidure a mortal illness feigned,
    And to his mightiest Lords a summons sent
    Softly, and one by one into the gloom,
      (As suits a sick man's room),
    The attendants introduced each potent peer,
    There, singly and alone, his sovereign will to hear.

    Said Elidure, Behold our rightful King,
    The banished Artegal, before thee stands:
    Kneel, and renew to him the offering
    Of thy allegiance; justice this demands,
    Immortal justice, speaking through my voice,
      Accept him, and rejoice.
                           ... he will prove
    Worthier than I have been of reverence and love.

    If firm command and mild persuasion failed
    To change the temper of an adverse mind,
    With such by other engines he prevailed,
    Threatening to fling their bodies to the wind
    From the dread summit of the lonely block,
      That castle-crested Rock,
    Alclwyd then, but now Dunbarton named,
    A memorable crag through spacious Albion famed.

    Departing thence, to York their way they bent,
    While the glad people flowers before them strewed,
    And then King Elidure with full consent
    Of all his peers, before the multitude
    Upon his brother's head he placed the crown,
      Relinquished by his own;
    Triumph of justice, and affection pure,
    Whence he the title gained of "pious Elidure."

    The people answered with a loud acclaim,
    Through admiration of the heroic deed.
    The reinstated Artegal became
    Earth's noblest penitent; from bondage freed
    Of vice, henceforth unable to control
      The motions of his soul.
    Long did he reign: and, when he died, the tear    
    Of fond regret was shed upon his honoured bier.   

    Thus was a Brother by a Brother saved.
    With whom a crown (temptation that hath set
    Discord in hearts of men till they have braved
    Their nearest kin in deadly battle met),
    With duty weighed, and faithful love did seem
      A thing of no esteem;
    And from this triumph of affection pure,
    He won the lasting name of "pious Elidure."



    High is our calling, Friend!--Creative Art
    (Whether the instrument of words she use,
    Or pencil pregnant with ethereal hues)
    Demands the service of a mind and heart,
    Though sensitive, yet, in their weakest part,                  
    Heroically fashioned--to infuse
    Faith in the whispers of the lonely Muse,
    While the whole world seems adverse to desert.
    And, oh! when Nature sinks, as oft she may
    Through long-lived pressure of obscure distress,              
    Still to be strenuous for the bright reward,
    And in the soul admit of no decay,
    Brook no continuance of weak-mindedness--
    Great is the glory, for the strife is hard!


    How clear, how keen, how marvellously bright
    The effluence from yon distant mountain's head,
    Which, strewn with snow smooth as the sky can shed,
    Shines like another sun--on mortal sight
    Uprisen, as if to check approaching Night,                     
    And all her twinkling stars. Who now would tread,
    If so he might, yon mountain's glittering head--
    Terrestrial, but a surface, by the flight
    Of sad mortality's earth-sullying wing,
    Unswept, unstained? Nor shall the aërial Powers               
    Dissolve that beauty, destined to endure,
    White, radiant, spotless, exquisitely pure,
    Through all vicissitudes, till genial Spring
    Has filled the laughing vales with welcome flowers.

	
    While not a leaf seems faded; while the fields,
    With ripening harvest prodigally fair,
    In brightest sunshine bask; this nipping air,
    Sent from some distant clime where Winter wields
    His icy scimitar, a foretaste yields                           
    Of bitter change, and bids the flowers beware;
    And whispers to the silent birds, "Prepare
    Against the threatening foe your trustiest shields."
    For me, who under kindlier laws belong
    To Nature's tuneful quire, this rustling dry                  
    Through leaves yet green, and yon crystalline sky,
    Announce a season potent to renew,
    'Mid frost and snow, the instinctive joys of song,
    And nobler cares than listless summer knew.

	
    The fairest, brightest, hues of ether fade;
    The sweetest notes must terminate and die;
    O Friend! thy flute has breathed a harmony
    Softly resounded through this rocky glade;
    Such strains of rapture as the Genius played               
    In his still haunt on Bagdad's summit high;
    He who stood visible to Mirza's eye,
    Never before to human sight betrayed.
    Lo, in the vale, the mists of evening spread!
    The visionary Arches are not there,                           
    Nor the green Islands, nor the shining Seas;
    Yet sacred is to me this Mountain's head,
    Whence I have risen, uplifted on the breeze
    Of harmony, above all earthly care.

	
    "Weak is the will of Man, his judgment blind;
    Remembrance persecutes, and Hope betrays;
    Heavy is woe;--and joy, for human-kind,
    A mournful thing, so transient is the blaze!"
    Thus might he paint our lot of mortal days                   
    Who wants the glorious faculty assigned
    To elevate the more-than-reasoning Mind,
    And colour life's dark cloud with orient rays.
    Imagination is that sacred power,
    Imagination lofty and refined:                                
    'Tis hers to pluck the amaranthine flower
    Of Faith, and round the Sufferer's temples bind
    Wreaths that endure affliction's heaviest shower,
    And do not shrink from sorrow's keenest wind.

	
    Hail, Twilight, sovereign of one peaceful hour!
    Not dull art Thou as undiscerning Night;
    But studious only to remove from sight
    Day's mutable distinctions.--Ancient Power!
    Thus did the waters gleam, the mountains lower,                
    To the rude Briton, when, in wolf-skin vest
    Here roving wild, he laid him down to rest
    On the bare rock, or through a leafy bower
    Looked ere his eyes were closed. By him was seen
    The self-same Vision which we now behold,                     
    At thy meek bidding, shadowy Power! brought forth;
    These mighty barriers, and the gulf between;
    The flood, the stars,--a spectacle as old
    As the beginning of the heavens and earth!

	
    The Shepherd, looking eastward, softly said,
    "Bright is thy veil, O Moon, as thou art bright!"
    Forthwith, that little cloud, in ether spread
    And penetrated all with tender light,
    She cast away, and showed her fulgent head                     
    Uncovered; dazzling the Beholder's sight
    As if to vindicate her beauty's right,
    Her beauty thoughtlessly disparagèd.
    Meanwhile that veil, removed or thrown aside,
    Went floating from her, darkening as it went;                 
    And a huge mass, to bury or to hide,
    Approached this glory of the firmament;
    Who meekly yields, and is obscured--content
    With one calm triumph of a modest pride.


	
    Even as a dragon's eye that feels the stress
    Of a bedimming sleep, or as a lamp
    Suddenly glaring through sepulchral damp,
    So burns yon Taper 'mid a black recess
    Of mountains, silent, dreary, motionless:                      
    The lake below reflects it not; the sky
    Muffled in clouds, affords no company
    To mitigate and cheer its loneliness.
    Yet, round the body of that joyless Thing
    Which sends so far its melancholy light,                      
    Perhaps are seated in domestic ring
    A gay society with faces bright,
    Conversing, reading, laughing;--or they sing,
    While hearts and voices in the song unite.

	Even as a dragon's eye that feels the stress
    Of a bedimming sleep, or as a lamp
    Suddenly glaring through sepulchral damp,
    So burns yon Taper 'mid a black recess
    Of mountains, silent, dreary, motionless:
    
	
    Mark the concentred hazels that enclose
    Yon old grey Stone, protected from the ray
    Of noontide suns:--and even the beams that play
    And glance, while wantonly the rough wind blows,
    Are seldom free to touch the moss that grows                   
    Upon that roof, amid embowering gloom,
    The very image framing of a Tomb,
    In which some ancient Chieftain finds repose
    Among the lonely mountains.--Live, ye trees!
    And thou, grey Stone, the pensive likeness keep               
    Of a dark chamber where the Mighty sleep:
    For more than Fancy to the influence bends
    When solitary Nature condescends
    To mimic Time's forlorn humanities.

	
    Surprised by joy--impatient as the Wind
    I turned to share the transport--Oh! with whom
    But Thee, deep buried  in the silent tomb,
    That spot which no vicissitude can find?
    Love, faithful love, recalled thee to my mind--                
    But how could I forget thee? Through what power,
    Even for the least division of an hour,
    Have I been so beguiled as to be blind
    To my most grievous loss?--That thought's return
    Was the worst pang that sorrow ever bore,                     
    Save one, one only, when I stood forlorn,
    Knowing my heart's best treasure was no more;
    That neither present time, nor years unborn
    Could to my sight that heavenly face restore.

	Hail, orient Conqueror of gloomy Night!
    Thou that canst shed the bliss of gratitude
    On hearts howe'er insensible or rude;
    Whether thy punctual visitations smite
    The haughty towers where monarchs dwell;                       
    Or thou, impartial Sun, with presence bright
    Cheer'st the low threshold of the peasant's cell!
    Not unrejoiced I see thee climb the sky
    In naked splendour, clear from mist or haze,
    Or cloud approaching to divert the rays,                      
    Which even in deepest winter testify
        Thy power and majesty,
    Dazzling the vision that presumes to gaze.
    --Well does thine aspect usher in this Day;
    As aptly suits therewith that modest pace                     
        Submitted to the chains
    That bind thee to the path which God ordains
        That thou shall trace,
    Till, with the heavens and earth, thou pass away!
    Nor less, the stillness of these frosty plains,               
    Their utter stillness, and the silent grace
    Of yon ethereal summits white with snow,
    (Whose tranquil pomp and spotless purity
        Report of storms gone by
        To us who tread below)                                    
    Do with the service of this Day accord.
    --Divinest Object which the uplifted eye
    Of mortal man is suffered to behold;
    Thou, who upon those snow-clad Heights hast poured
    Meek lustre, nor forget'st the humble Vale;               
    Thou who dost warm Earth's universal mould,
    And for thy bounty wert not unadored
        By pious men of old;
    Once more, heart-cheering Sun, I bid thee hail!
    Bright be thy course to-day, let not this promise fail!
	'Mid the deep quiet of this morning hour,                     
    All nature seems to hear me while I speak,
    By feelings urged that do not vainly seek
    Apt language, ready as the tuneful notes
    That stream in blithe succession from the throats             
        Of birds, in leafy bower,
    Warbling a farewell to a vernal shower.
    --There is a radiant though a short-lived flame,
    That burns for Poets in the dawning east;
    And oft my soul hath kindled at the same,                     
    When the captivity of sleep had ceased;
    But He who fixed immoveably the frame
    Of the round world, and built, by laws as strong,
        A solid refuge for distress--
        The towers of righteousness;                              
    He knows that from a holier altar came
    The quickening spark of this day's sacrifice;
    Knows that the source is nobler whence doth rise
        The current of this matin song;
          That deeper far it lies                                 
    Than aught dependent on the fickle skies.
	Have we not conquered?--by the vengeful sword?
    Ah no, by dint of Magnanimity;
    That curbed the baser passions, and left free
    A loyal band to follow their liege Lord,                      
    Clear-sighted Honour, and his staid Compeers,
    Along a track of most unnatural years;
    In execution of heroic deeds
    Whose memory, spotless as the crystal beads
    Of morning dew upon the untrodden meads,                      
    Shall live enrolled above the starry spheres.
    He, who in concert with an earthly string
        Of Britain's acts would sing,
        He with enraptured voice will tell
    Of One whose spirit no reverse could quell;                   
    Of One that 'mid the failing never failed--
    Who paints how Britain struggled and prevailed
    Shall represent her labouring with an eye
        Of circumspect humanity;
    Shall show her clothed with strength and skill,               
        All martial duties to fulfil;
    Firm as a rock in stationary fight;
    In motion rapid as the lightning's gleam;
    Fierce as a flood-gate bursting at mid night
    To rouse the wicked from their giddy dream--                  
    Woe, woe to all that face her in the field!
    Appalled she may not be, and cannot yield.
	And thus is missed the sole true glory
        That can belong to human story!
        At which they only shall arrive                       
        Who through the abyss of weakness dive.
    The very humblest are too proud of heart;
    And one brief day is rightly set apart
    For Him who lifteth up and layeth low;
    For that Almighty God to whom we owe,                         
    Say not that we have vanquished--but that we survive.
	How dreadful the dominion of the impure!
    Why should the Song be tardy to proclaim
    That less than power unbounded could not tame
    That soul of Evil--which, from hell let loose,                
    Had filled the astonished world with such abuse
    As boundless patience only could endure?
    --Wide-wasted regions--cities wrapt in flame--
    Who sees, may lift a streaming eye
    To Heaven;--who never saw, may heave a sigh;
    But the foundation of our nature shakes,                     
    And with an infinite pain the spirit aches,
    When desolated countries, towns on fire,
        Are but the avowed attire
    Of warfare waged with desperate mind                         
    Against the life of virtue in mankind;
        Assaulting without ruth
        The citadels of truth;
    While the fair gardens of civility,
        By ignorance defaced,                                    
        By violence laid waste,
    Perish without reprieve for flower or tree!
	A crouching purpose--a distracted will--
    Opposed to hopes that battened upon scorn,
    And to desires whose ever-waxing horn                        
    Not all the light of earthly power could fill;
    Opposed to dark, deep plots of patient skill,
    And to celerities of lawless force;
    Which, spurning God, had flung away remorse--
    What could they gain but shadows of redress?                 
    --So bad proceeded propagating worse;
    And discipline was passion's dire excess.
    Widens the fatal web, its lines extend,
    And deadlier poisons in the chalice blend.
    When will your trials teach you to be wise?                  
    --O prostrate Lands, consult your agonies!
	No more--the guilt is banish'd,
    And, with the guilt, the shame is fled;
    And, with the guilt and shame, the Woe hath vanish'd,
    Shaking the dust and ashes from her head!                    
    --No more--these lingerings of distress
    Sully the limpid stream of thankfulness.
    What robe can Gratitude employ
    So seemly as the radiant vest of Joy?
    What steps so suitable as those that move                    
    In prompt obedience to spontaneous measures
    Of glory, and felicity, and love,
    Surrendering the whole heart to sacred pleasures?
	O Britain! dearer far than life is dear,
        If one there be                                          
        Of all thy progeny
    Who can forget thy prowess, never more
    Be that ungrateful Son allowed to hear
    Thy green leaves rustle or thy torrents roar.
    As springs the lion from his den,                            
        As from a forest-brake
        Upstarts a glistering snake,
    The bold Arch-despot re-appeared;--again
    Wide Europe heaves, impatient to be cast,
      With all her armèd Powers,                                 
      On that offensive soil, like waves upon a thousand shores.
    The trumpet blew a universal blast!
    But Thou art foremost in the field:--there stand:
    Receive the triumph destined to thy hand!
    All States have glorified themselves;--their claims          
    Are weighed by Providence, in balance even;
    And now, in preference to the mightiest names,
    To Thee the exterminating sword is given.
    Dread mark of approbation, justly gained!
    Exalted office, worthily sustained!
	Preserve, O Lord! within our hearts
      The memory of thy favour,
      That else insensibly departs,
      And loses its sweet savour!
    Lodge it within us!--as the power of light                   
    Lives inexhaustibly in precious gems,
    Fixed on the front of Eastern diadems,
    So shine our thankfulness for ever bright!
    What offering, what transcendent monument
    Shall our sincerity to Thee present?                         
    --Not work of hands; but trophies that may reach
    To highest Heaven--the labour of the Soul;
    That builds, as thy unerring precepts teach,
    Upon the internal conquests made by each,
    Her hope of lasting glory for the whole.                     
    Yet will not heaven disown nor earth gainsay
    The outward service of this day;
    Whether the worshippers entreat
    Forgiveness from God's mercy-seat;
    Or thanks and praises to His throne ascend                   
    That He has brought our warfare to an end,
    And that we need no second victory!--
    Ha! what a ghastly sight for man to see;
    And to the heavenly saints in peace who dwell,
        For a brief moment, terrible;                            
    But, to thy sovereign penetration, fair,
    Before whom all things are, that were,
    All judgments that have been, or e'er shall be;
    Links in the chain of thy tranquillity!
    Along the bosom of this favoured Nation,                     
    Breathe Thou, this day, a vital undulation!
        Let all who do this land inherit
        Be conscious of thy moving spirit!
    Oh, 'tis a goodly Ordinance,--the sight,
    Though sprung from bleeding war, is one of pure delight;     
    Bless Thou the hour, or ere the hour arrive,
    When a whole people shall kneel down in prayer,
    And, at one moment, in one rapture, strive
    With lip and heart to tell their gratitude
        For thy protecting care,                                 
    Their solemn joy--praising the Eternal Lord
        For tyranny subdued,
    And for the sway of equity renewed,
    For liberty confirmed, and peace restored!
	But hark--the summons!--down the placid lake
    Floats the soft cadence of the church-tower bells;
    Bright shines the Sun, as if his beams would wake
    The tender insects sleeping in their cells;
    Bright shines the Sun--and not a breeze to shake
    The drops that tip the melting icicles.                 
        O, enter now his temple gate!
    Inviting words--perchance already flung
    (As the crowd press devoutly down the aisle
    Of some old Minster's venerable pile)
    From voices into zealous passion stung,                      
    While the tubed engine feels the inspiring blast,
    And has begun--its clouds of sound to cast
        Forth towards empyreal Heaven,
        As if the fretted roof were riven.
    Us, humbler ceremonies now await;                          
    But in the bosom, with devout respect
    The banner of our joy we will erect,
    And strength of love our souls shall elevate:
    For to a few collected in his name,
    Their heavenly Father will incline an ear                    
    Gracious to service hallowed by its aim;--
    Awake! the majesty of God revere!
        Go--and with foreheads meekly bowed
    Present your prayers--go--and rejoice aloud--
                The Holy One will hear!                          
    And what, 'mid silence deep, with faith sincere,
    Ye, in your low and undisturbed estate,
    Shall simply feel and purely meditate--
    Of warnings--from the unprecedented might,
    Which, in our time, the impious have disclosed;              
    And of more arduous duties thence imposed
    Upon the future advocates of right;
               Of mysteries revealed,
               And judgments unrepealed,
               Of earthly revolution,                            
               And final retribution,--
      To his omniscience will appear
    An offering not unworthy to find place,
    On this high DAY OF THANKS, before the Throne of Grace!

	Imagination--ne'er before content,
    But aye ascending, restless in her pride
    From all that martial feats could yield
    To her desires, or to her hopes present--
    Stooped to the Victory, on that Belgic field                   
    Achieved, this closing deed magnificent,
      And with the embrace was satisfied.
            --Fly, ministers of Fame,
    With every help that ye from earth and heaven may claim!
    Bear through the world these tidings of delight!              
    --Hours, Days, and Months, have borne them in the sight
    Of mortals, hurrying like a sudden shower
      That land-ward stretches from the sea,
      The morning's splendours to devour;
    But this swift travel scorns the company                      
    Of irksome change, or threats from saddening power.
      --The shock is given--the Adversaries bleed--
      Lo, Justice triumphs! Earth is freed!
    Joyful annunciation!--it went forth--
    It pierced the caverns of the sluggish North--            
      It found no barrier on the ridge
    Of Andes--frozen gulphs became its bridge--
    The vast Pacific gladdens with the freight--
    Upon the Lakes of Asia 'tis bestowed--
    The Arabian desert shapes a willing road                      
        Across her burning breast,
    For this refreshing incense from the West!--
        --Where snakes and lions breed,
    Where towns and cities thick as stars appear,
    Wherever fruits are gathered, and where'er                    
    The upturned soil receives the hopeful seed--
    While the Sun rules, and cross the shades of night--
    The unwearied arrow hath pursued its flight!
    The eyes of good men thankfully give heed,
        And in its sparkling progress read                        
    Of virtue crowned with glory's deathless meed:
    Tyrants exult to hear of kingdoms won,
    And slaves are pleased to learn that mighty feats are done;
    Even the proud Realm, from whose distracted borders
    This messenger of good was launched in air,                   
    France, humbled France, amid her wild disorders,
    Feels, and hereafter shall the truth declare,
    That she too lacks not reason to rejoice,
    And utter England's name with sadly-plausive voice.
	O genuine glory, pure renown!                                 
    And well might it beseem that mighty Town
    Into whose bosom earth's best treasures flow,
    To whom all persecuted men retreat;
    If a new Temple lift her votive brow
    High on the shore of silver Thames--to greet             
    The peaceful guest advancing from afar.
    Bright be the Fabric, as a star
    Fresh risen, and beautiful within!--there meet
    Dependence infinite, proportion just;
    A Pile that Grace approves, and Time can trust                
    With his most sacred wealth, heroic dust.
	But if the valiant of this land
    In reverential modesty demand,
    That all observance, due to them, be paid
    Where their serene progenitors are laid;                      
    Kings, warriors, high-souled poets, saint-like sages,
    England's illustrious sons of long, long ages;
    Be it not unordained that solemn rites,
    Within the circuit of those Gothic walls,
    Shall be performed at pregnant intervals;                     
    Commemoration holy that unites
    The living generations with the dead;
          By the deep soul-moving sense
          Of religious eloquence,--
          By visual pomp, and by the tie                          
          Of sweet and threatening harmony;
          Soft notes, awful as the omen
          Of destructive tempests coming,
          And escaping from that sadness
          Into elevated gladness;                                 
          While the white-rob'd choir attendant,
          Under mouldering banners pendant,
    Provoke all potent symphonies to raise
          Songs of victory and praise,
    For them who bravely stood unhurt, or bled                    
    With medicable wounds, or found their graves
    Upon the battle field, or under ocean's waves;
    Or were conducted home in single state,
    And long procession--there to lie,
    Where their sons' sons, and all posterity,                    
    Unheard by them, their deeds shall celebrate!
	Nor will the God of peace and love
          Such martial service disapprove.
          He guides the Pestilence--the cloud
          Of locusts travels on his breath;                       
          The region that in hope was ploughed
    His drought consumes, his mildew taints with death;
          He springs the hushed Volcano's mine,
    He puts the Earthquake on her still design,
    Darkens the sun, hath bade the forest sink,                   
    And, drinking towns and cities, still can drink
    Cities and towns--'tis Thou--the work is Thine!--
    The fierce Tornado sleeps within thy courts--
          He hears the word--he flies--
          And navies perish in their ports;                      
    For Thou art angry with thine enemies!
          For these, and mourning for our errors,
          And sins, that point their terrors,
    We bow our heads before Thee, and we laud
    And magnify thy name, Almighty God!                          
         But Man is thy most awful instrument,
         In working out a pure intent;
    Thou cloth'st the wicked in their dazzling mail,
    And for thy righteous purpose they prevail;
         Thine arm from peril guards the coasts                  
         Of them who in thy laws delight:
    Thy presence turns the scale of doubtful fight,
    Tremendous God of battles, Lord of Hosts!
	Forbear:--to Thee--
    Father and Judge of all, with fervent tongue                 
         But in a gentler strain
    Of contemplation, by no sense of wrong
    (Too quick and keen) incited to disdain
    Of pity pleading from the heart in vain--
         TO THEE--TO THEE                                         
    Just God of christianised Humanity
    Shall praises be poured forth, and thanks ascend,
    That thou hast brought our warfare to an end,
    And that we need no second victory!
    Blest, above measure blest,                                  
    If on thy love our Land her hopes shall rest,
    And all the Nations labour to fulfil
    Thy law, and live henceforth in peace, in pure good will.

	
    Ha! what a ghastly sight for man to see;
    And to the heavenly saints in peace who dwell,
            For a brief moment, terrible;
    But to thy sovereign penetration fair,
    Before whom all things are that were,
    All judgments that have been, or e'er shall be,
    Links in the chain of thy tranquillity!
    Along the bosom of this favoured nation,
    Breathe thou, this day, a vital undulation!
            Let all who do this land inherit
            Be conscious of Thy moving spirit!
    Oh, 'tis a goodly Ordinance,--the sight,
    Though sprung from bleeding war, is one of pure delight;
    Bless thou the hour, or ere the hour arrive,
    When a whole people shall kneel down in prayer,
    And, at one moment, in one spirit, strive
    With lip and heart to tell their gratitude
            For thy protecting care,
    Their solemn joy--praising the Eternal Lord
            For tyranny subdued,
    And for the sway of equity renewed,
    For liberty confirmed, and peace restored!

	
	"Rest, rest, perturbèd Earth!
        O rest, thou doleful Mother of Mankind!"
    A Spirit sang in tones more plaintive than the wind:
    "From regions where no evil thing has birth
    I come--thy stains to wash away,                               
    Thy cherished fetters to unbind,
    And open thy sad eyes upon a milder day.
    The Heavens are thronged with martyrs that have risen
            From out thy noisome prison;
            The penal caverns groan                               
    With tens of thousands rent from off the tree
    Of hopeful life,--by battle's whirlwind blown
    Into the deserts of Eternity.
    Unpitied havoc! Victims unlamented!
    But not on high, where madness is resented,                   
    And murder causes some sad tears to flow,
    Though, from the widely-sweeping blow,
    The choirs of Angels spread, triumphantly augmented.
	"False Parent of Mankind!
            Obdurate, proud, and blind,                           
    I sprinkle thee with soft celestial dews,
    Thy lost, maternal heart to re-infuse!
    Scattering this far-fetched moisture from my wings,
    Upon the act a blessing I implore,
    Of which the rivers in their secret springs,                  
    The rivers stained so oft with human gore,
    Are conscious;--may the like return no more!
    May Discord--for a Seraph's care
    Shall be attended with a bolder prayer--
    May she, who once disturbed the seats of bliss                
            These mortal spheres above,
    Be chained for ever to the black abyss!
    And thou, O rescued Earth, by peace and love,
    And merciful desires, thy sanctity approve!"

      The Spirit ended his mysterious rite,                       
    And the pure vision closed in darkness infinite."





	When the soft hand of sleep had closed the latch
    On the tired household of corporeal sense,
    And Fancy, keeping unreluctant watch,
    Was free her choicest favours to dispense;
    I saw, in wondrous pérspective displayed,                      
    A landscape more august than happiest skill
    Of pencil ever clothed with light and shade;
    An intermingled pomp of vale and hill,
    City, and naval stream, suburban grove,
    And stately forest where the wild deer rove;                  
    Nor wanted lurking hamlet, dusky towns,
    And scattered rural farms of aspect bright;
    And, here and there, between the pastoral downs,
    The azure sea upswelled upon the sight.
    Fair prospect, such as Britain only shows!                    
    But not a living creature could be seen
    Through its wide circuit, that, in deep repose,
    And, even to sadness, lonely and serene,
    Lay hushed; till--through a portal in the sky
    Brighter than brightest loop-hole, in a storm,                
    Opening before the sun's triumphant eye--
    Issued, to sudden view, a glorious Form!
    Earthward it glided with a swift descent:
    Saint George himself this Visitant must be;
    And, ere a thought could ask on what intent                   
    He sought the regions of humanity,
    A thrilling voice was heard, that vivified
    City and field and flood;--aloud it cried--

        "Though from my celestial home,
        Like a Champion, armed I come;                            
        On my helm the dragon crest,
        And the red cross on my breast;
        I, the Guardian of this Land,
        Speak not now of toilsome duty;
		
		
        Well obeyed was that command--                            
      Whence bright days of festive beauty;
    Haste, Virgins, haste!--the flowers which summer gave
      Have perished in the field;
    But the green thickets plenteously shall yield
      Fit garlands for the brave,                                 
    That will be welcome, if by you entwined;
    Haste, Virgins, haste; and you, ye Matrons grave,
    Go forth with rival youthfulness of mind,
      And gather what ye find
    Of hardy laurel and wild holly boughs--                       
    To deck your stern Defenders' modest brows!
      Such simple gifts prepare,
    Though they have gained a worthier meed;
      And in due time shall share
    Those palms and amaranthine wreaths                           
    Unto their martyred Countrymen decreed,
    In realms where everlasting freshness breathes!
	"And lo! with crimson banners proudly streaming,
    And upright weapons innocently gleaming,
    Along the surface of a spacious plain                         
    Advance in order the redoubted Bands,
    And there receive green chaplets from the hands
      Of a fair female train--
      Maids and Matrons, dight
      In robes of dazzling white;                            
    While from the crowd bursts forth a rapturous noise
      By the cloud-capt hills retorted;
      And a throng of rosy boys
      In loose fashion tell their joys;
    And grey-haired sires, on staffs supported,                   
    Look round, and by their smiling seem to say,
    Thus strives a grateful Country to display
    The mighty debt which nothing can repay!
	Anon before my sight a palace rose
    Built of all precious substances,--so pure                    
    And exquisite, that sleep alone bestows
    Ability like splendour to endure:
    Entered, with streaming thousands, through the gate,
    I saw the banquet spread beneath a Dome of state,
    A lofty Dome, that dared to emulate                           
    The heaven of sable night
    With starry lustre; yet had power to throw
    Solemn effulgence, clear as solar light,
    Upon a princely company below,
    While the vault rang with choral harmony,                     
    Like some Nymph-haunted grot beneath the roaring sea,
    --No sooner ceased that peal, than on the verge
    Of exultation hung a dirge
    Breathed from a soft and lonely instrument,
      That kindled recollections                                  
      Of agonised affections;
    And, though some tears the strain attended,
      The mournful passion ended
    In peace of spirit, and sublime content!
	But garlands wither; festal shows depart,                     
    Like dreams themselves; and sweetest sound--
      (Albeit of effect profound)
      It was--and it is gone!
    Victorious England! bid the silent Art
    Reflect, in glowing hues that shall not fade,                 
    Those high achievements; even as she arrayed
    With second life the deed of Marathon
      Upon Athenian walls;
    So may she labour for thy civic halls:
      And be the guardian spaces                                 
      Of consecrated places,
    As nobly graced by Sculpture's patient toil;
    And let imperishable Columns rise
    Fixed in the depths of this courageous soil;
    Expressive signals of a glorious strife,                
    And competent to shed a spark divine
    Into the torpid breast of daily life;--
    Records on which, for pleasure of all eyes,
      The morning sun may shine
    With gratulation thoroughly benign!
	And ye, Pierian Sisters, sprung from Jove
    And sage Mnemosyne,--full long debarred
    From your first mansions, exiled all too long
    From many a hallowed stream and grove,
    Dear native regions where ye wont to rove,               
    Chanting for patriot heroes the reward
        Of never-dying song!
    Now (for, though Truth descending from above
    The Olympian summit hath destroyed for aye
    Your kindred Deities, Ye live and move,                
    Spared for obeisance from perpetual love
    For privilege redeemed of god-like sway)
    Now, on the margin of some spotless fountain,
    Or top serene of unmolested mountain,
    Strike audibly the noblest of your lyres,                    
    And for a moment meet the soul's desires!
    That I, or some more favoured Bard, may hear
    What ye, celestial Maids! have often sung
    Of Britain's acts,--may catch it with rapt ear,
    And give the treasure to our British tongue!                 
    So shall the characters of that proud page
    Support their mighty theme from age to age;
    And, in the desert places of the earth,
    When they to future empires have given birth,
    So shall the people gather and believe                       
    The bold report, transferred to every clime;
    And the whole world, not envious but admiring,
      And to the like aspiring,
    Own--that the progeny of this fair Isle
    Had power as lofty actions to achieve                        
    As were performed in man's heroic prime;
    Nor wanted, when their fortitude had held
    Its even tenor, and the foe was quelled,
    A corresponding virtue to beguile
    The hostile purpose of wide-wasting Time--                   
    That not in vain they laboured to secure,
    For their great deeds, perpetual memory,
    And fame as largely spread as land and sea,
    By Works of spirit high and passion pure!

	Who rises on the banks of Seine,
    And binds her temples with the civic wreath?
    What joy to read the promise of her mien!
    How sweet to rest her wide-spread wings beneath!
          But they are ever playing,                               
          And twinkling in the light,
          And, if a breeze be straying,
          That breeze she will invite;
    And stands on tiptoe, conscious she is fair,
    And calls a look of love into her face,                       
    And spreads her arms, as if the general air
    Alone could satisfy her wide embrace.
    --Melt, Principalities, before her melt!
    Her love ye hailed--her wrath have felt!
    But She through many a change of form hath gone,              
    And stands amidst you now an armèd creature,
    Whose panoply is not a thing put on,
    But the live scales of a portentous nature;
    That, having forced its way from birth to birth,         
    Stalks round-abhorred by Heaven, a terror to the Earth!
	I marked the breathings of her dragon crest;
    My Soul, a sorrowful interpreter,
    In many a midnight vision bowed
    Before the ominous aspect of her spear;
    Whether the mighty beam, in scorn upheld,                     
    Threatened her foes,--or, pompously at rest,
    Seemed to bisect her orbèd shield,
    As stretches a blue bar of solid cloud
    Across the setting sun and all the fiery west.
	So did she daunt the Earth, and God defy!                    
    And, wheresoe'er she spread her sovereignty,
    Pollution tainted all that was most pure.
    --Have we not known--and live we not to tell--
    That Justice seemed to hear her final knell?
    Faith buried deeper in her own deep breast                    
    Her stores, and sighed to find them insecure!
    And Hope was maddened by the drops that fell
    From shades, her chosen place of short-lived rest.
    Shame followed shame, and woe supplanted woe--
    Is this the only change that time can show?                   
    How long shall vengeance sleep? 
	Ye patient Heavens, how long?
    --Infirm ejaculation! from the tongue
    Of Nations wanting virtue to be strong
    Up to the measure of accorded might,
    And daring not to feel the majesty of right!
	Weak Spirits are there--who would ask,
    Upon the pressure of a painful thing,
    The lion's sinews, or the eagle's wing;
    Or let their wishes loose, in forest-glade,
          Among the lurking powers                                
          Of herbs and lowly flowers,
    Or seek, from saints above, miraculous aid--
    That Man may be accomplished for a task
    Which his own nature hath enjoined;--and why?
    If, when that interference hath relieved him,                 
          He must sink down to languish
    In worse than former helplessness--and lie
          Till the caves roar,--and, imbecility
          Again engendering anguish,
    The same weak wish returns, that had before deceived him.
	But Thou, supreme Disposer! may'st not speed
    The course of things, and change the creed
    Which hath been held aloft before men's sight
    Since the first framing of societies,
    Whether, as bards have told in ancient song,                  
    Built up by soft seducing harmonies;
    Or prest together by the appetite,
          And by the power, of wrong.

		  
    Humanity, delighting to behold
    A fond reflection of her own decay,
    Hath painted Winter like a traveller old,
    Propped on a staff, and, through the sullen day,
    In hooded mantle, limping o'er the plain,                 
    As though his weakness were disturbed by pain:
    Or, if a juster fancy should allow
    An undisputed symbol of command,
    The chosen sceptre is a withered bough,
    Infirmly grasped within a palsied hand.                       
    These emblems suit the helpless and forlorn;
    But mighty Winter the device shall scorn.

    For he it was--dread Winter! who beset,
    Flinging round van and rear his ghastly net,
    That host, when from the regions of the Pole                  
    They shrunk, insane ambition's barren goal--
    That host, as huge and strong as e'er defied
    Their God, and placed their trust in human pride!
    As fathers persecute rebellious sons,
    He smote the blossoms of their warrior youth;                 
    He called on Frost's inexorable tooth
    Life to consume in Manhood's firmest hold;
    Nor spared the reverend blood that feebly runs;
    For why--unless for liberty enrolled
    And sacred home--ah! why should hoary Age be bold?            

    Fleet the Tartar's reinless steed,
    But fleeter far the pinions of the Wind,
    Which from Siberian caves the Monarch freed,
    And sent him forth, with squadrons of his kind,
    And bade the Snow their ample backs bestride,                 
        And to the battle ride.
    No pitying voice commands a halt,
    No courage can repel the dire assault;
    Distracted, spiritless, benumbed, and blind,
    Whole legions sink--and, in one instant, find                 
    Burial and death: look for them--and descry,
    When morn returns, beneath the clear blue sky,
    A soundless waste, a trackless vacancy!

	
    Intrepid sons of Albion! not by you
    Is life despised; ah no, the spacious earth
    Ne'er saw a race who held, by right of birth,
    So many objects to which love is due:
    Ye slight not life--to God and Nature true;                    
    But death, becoming death, is dearer far,
    When duty bids you bleed in open war:
    Hence hath your prowess quelled that impious crew.
    Heroes!--for instant sacrifice prepared;
    Yet filled with ardour and on triumph bent                    
    'Mid direst shocks of mortal accident--
    To you who fell, and you whom slaughter spared
    To guard the fallen, and consummate the event,
    Your Country rears this sacred Monument!

	
    The Bard--whose soul is meek as dawning day,
    Yet trained to judgments righteously severe,
    Fervid, yet conversànt with holy fear,
    As recognising one Almighty sway:
    He--whose experienced eye can pierce the array                 
    Of past events; to whom, in vision clear,
    The aspiring heads of future things appear,
    Like mountain-tops whose mists have rolled away--
    Assoiled from all encumbrance of our time,
    He only, if such breathe, in strains devout                   
    Shall comprehend this victory sublime;
    Shall worthily rehearse the hideous rout,
    The triumph hail, which from their peaceful clime
    Angels might welcome with a choral shout!

    Emperors and Kings, how oft have temples rung
    With impious thanksgiving, the Almighty's scorn!
    How oft above their altars have been hung
    Trophies that led the good and wise to mourn
    Triumphant wrong, battle of battle born,                       
    And sorrow that to fruitless sorrow clung!
    Now, from Heaven-sanctioned victory, Peace is sprung;
    In this firm hour Salvation lifts her horn.
    Glory to arms! But, conscious that the nerve
    Of popular reason, long mistrusted, freed                     
    Your thrones, ye Powers, from duty fear to swerve!
    Be just, be grateful; nor, the oppressor's creed
    Reviving, heavier chastisement deserve
    Than ever forced unpitied hearts to bleed.

	Dear Reliques! from a pit of vilest mould
    Uprisen--to lodge among ancestral kings;
    And to inflict shame's salutary stings
    On the remorseless hearts of men grown old
    In a blind worship; men perversely bold                        
    Even to this hour,--yet, some shall now forsake
    Their monstrous Idol if the dead e'er spake,
    To warn the living; if truth were ever told
    By aught redeemed out of the hollow grave:
    O murdered Prince! meek, loyal, pious, brave!                 
    The power of retribution once was given:
    But 'tis a rueful thought that willow bands
    So often tie the thunder-wielding hands
    Of Justice sent to earth from highest Heaven!

	
    Fair is the Swan, whose majesty, prevailing
    O'er breezeless water, on Locarno's lake,
    Bears him on while proudly sailing
    He leaves behind a moon-illumined wake:
    Behold! the mantling spirit of reserve
    Fashions his neck into a goodly curve;
    An arch thrown back between luxuriant wings
    Of whitest garniture, like fir-tree boughs
    To which, on some unruffled morning, clings
    A flaky weight of winter's purest snows!
    --Behold!--as with a gushing impulse heaves
    That downy prow, and softly cleaves
    The mirror of the crystal flood,
    Vanish inverted hill, and shadowy wood,
    And pendent rocks, where'er, in gliding state,
    Winds the mute Creature without visible Mate
    Or Rival, save the Queen of night
    Showering down a silver light,
    From heaven, upon her chosen favourite!

	Serene, and fitted to embrace,
    Where'er he turned, a swan-like grace
    Of haughtiness without pretence,
    And to unfold a still magnificence,
    Was princely Dion, in the power                                
    And beauty of his happier hour.
    And what pure homage then did wait
    On Dion's virtues, while the lunar beam
    Of Plato's genius, from its lofty sphere,
    Fell round him in the grove of Academe,                       
    Softening their inbred dignity austere--
    That he, not too elate
    With self-sufficing solitude,
    But with majestic lowliness endued,
    Might in the universal bosom reign,                           
    And from affectionate observance gain
    Help, under every change of adverse fate.
	Five thousand warriors--O the rapturous day!
    Each crowned with flowers, and armed with spear and shield,
    Or ruder weapon which their course might yield,          
    To Syracuse advance in bright array.
    Who leads them on?--The anxious people see
    Long-exiled Dion marching at their head,
    He also crowned with flowers of Sicily,
    And in a white, far-beaming, corselet clad!                   
    Pure transport undisturbed by doubt or fear
    The gazers feel; and, rushing to the plain,
    Salute those strangers as a holy train
    Or blest procession (to the Immortals dear)
    That brought their precious liberty again.                    
    Lo! when the gates are entered, on each hand,
    Down the long street, rich goblets filled with wine
          In seemly order stand,
    On tables set, as if for rites divine;--
    And, as the great Deliverer marches by,                       
    He looks on festal ground with fruits bestrown;
    And flowers are on his person thrown
    In boundless prodigality;
    Nor doth the general voice abstain from prayer,
    Invoking Dion's tutelary care,                                
    As if a very Deity he were!


    

    Mourn, hills and groves of Attica! and mourn
    Ilissus, bending o'er thy classic urn!
    Mourn, and lament for him whose spirit dreads                 
    Your once sweet memory, studious walks and shades!
    For him who to divinity aspired,
    Not on the breath of popular applause,
    But through dependence on the sacred laws
    Framed in the schools where Wisdom dwelt retired,
    Intent to trace the ideal path of right                       
    (More fair than heaven's broad causeway paved with stars)
    Which Dion learned to measure with sublime delight;--
    But He hath overleaped the eternal bars;
    And, following guides whose craft holds no consent
    With aught that breathes the ethereal element,                
    Hath stained the robes of civil power with blood,
    Unjustly shed, though for the public good.
    Whence doubts that came too late, and wishes vain,
    Hollow excuses, and triumphant pain;
    And oft his cogitations sink as low                           
    As, through the abysses of a joyless heart,
    The heaviest plummet of despair can go--
    But whence that sudden check? that fearful start!
      He hears an uncouth sound--
      Anon his lifted eyes                                        
    Saw, at a long-drawn gallery's dusky bound,
    A Shape of more than mortal size
    And hideous aspect, stalking round and round!
      A woman's garb the Phantom wore,
      And fiercely swept the marble floor,--                      
      Like Auster whirling to and fro,
      His force on Caspian foam to try;
    Or Boreas when he scours the snow
    That skins the plains of Thessaly,
    Or when aloft on Mænalus he stops                             
    His flight, 'mid eddying pine-tree tops!
	So, but from toil less sign of profit reaping,
    The sullen Spectre to her purpose bowed,
      Sweeping--vehemently sweeping--
    No pause admitted, no design avowed!                          
    "Avaunt, inexplicable Guest!--avaunt,"
    Exclaimed the Chieftain--"let me rather see
    The coronal that coiling vipers make;
    The torch that flames with many a lurid flake,
    And the long train of doleful pageantry                       
    Which they behold, whom vengeful Furies haunt;
    Who, while they struggle from the scourge to flee,
    Move where the blasted soil is not unworn,
    And, in their anguish, bear what other minds have borne!"
	But Shapes that come not at an earthly call,                  
    Will not depart when mortal voices bid;
    Lords of the visionary eye whose lid,
    Once raised, remains aghast, and will not fall!
    Ye Gods, thought He, that servile Implement
      Obeys a mystical intent!                                    
    Your Minister would brush away
    The spots that to my soul adhere;
    But should she labour night and day,
    They will not, cannot disappear;
    Whence angry perturbations,--and that look                   
    Which no philosophy can brook!
	Ill-fated Chief! there are whose hopes are built
    Upon the ruins of thy glorious name;
    Who, through the portal of one moment's guilt,
    Pursue thee with their deadly aim!                      
    O matchless perfidy! portentous lust
    Of monstrous crime!--that horror-striking blade,
    Drawn in defiance of the Gods, hath laid
    The noble Syracusan low in dust!
    Shudder'd the walls--the marble city wept--             
    And sylvan places heaved a pensive sigh;
    But in calm peace the appointed Victim slept,
    As he had fallen in magnanimity;
    Of spirit too capacious to require
    That Destiny her course should change; too just              
    To his own native greatness to desire
    That wretched boon, days lengthened by mistrust.
    So were the hopeless troubles, that involved
    The soul of Dion, instantly dissolved.
    Released from life and cares of princely state,              
    He left this moral grafted on his Fate;
    "Him only pleasure leads, and peace attends,
    Him, only him, the shield of Jove defends,
    Whose means are fair and spotless as his ends."

    
	The Danish Conqueror, on his royal chair,
    Mustering a face of haughty sovereignty,
    To aid a covert purpose, cried--"O ye
    Approaching Waters of the deep, that share
    With this green isle my fortunes, come not where               
    Your Master's throne is set."--Deaf was the Sea;
    Her waves rolled on, respecting his decree
    Less than they heed a breath of wanton air.
    --Then Canute, rising from the invaded throne,
    Said to his servile Courtiers,--"Poor the reach,         
    The undisguised extent, of mortal sway!
    He only is a King, and he alone
    Deserves the name (this truth the billows preach)
    Whose everlasting laws, sea, earth, and heaven, obey."
    This just reproof the prosperous Dane                         
    Drew from the influx of the main,
    For some whose rugged northern mouths would strain
    At oriental flattery;
    And Canute (fact more worthy to be known)
    From that time forth did for his brows disown                 
    The ostentatious symbol of a crown;
    Esteeming earthly royalty
    Contemptible as vain.

    Now hear what one of elder days,
    Rich theme of England's fondest praise,                       
    Her darling Alfred, might have spoken;
    To cheer the remnant of his host
    When he was driven from coast to coast,
    Distressed and harassed, but with mind unbroken:

    "My faithful followers, lo! the tide is spent                 
    That rose, and steadily advanced to fill
    The shores and channels, working Nature's will
    Among the mazy streams that backward went,
    And in the sluggish pools where ships are pent:               
    And now, his task performed, the flood stands still,
    At the green base of many an inland hill,
    In placid beauty and sublime content!
    Such the repose that sage and hero find;
    Such measured rest the sedulous and good
    Of humbler name; whose souls do, like the flood               
    Of Ocean, press right on; or gently wind,
    Neither to be diverted nor withstood,
    Until they reach the bounds by Heaven assigned."

	"A little onward lend thy guiding hand
    To these dark steps, a little further on!"
    --What trick of memory to my voice hath brought
    This mournful iteration? For though Time,                      
    The Conqueror, crowns the Conquered, on this brow
    Planting his favourite silver diadem,
    Nor he, nor minister of his--intent
    To run before him, hath enrolled me yet,
    Though not unmenaced, among those who lean
    Upon a living staff, with borrowed sight.                     
    --O my own Dora, my belovèd child!
    Should that day come--but hark! the birds salute
    The cheerful dawn, brightening for me the east;
    For me, thy natural leader, once again
    Impatient to conduct thee, not as erst                        
    A tottering infant, with compliant stoop
    From flower to flower supported; but to curb
    Thy nymph-like step swift bounding o'er the lawn,
    Along the loose rocks, or the slippery verge
    Of foaming torrents.--From thy orisons                   
    Come forth; and, while the morning air is yet
    Transparent as the soul of innocent youth,
    Let me, thy happy guide, now point thy way,
    And now precede thee, winding to and fro,
    Till we by perseverance gain the top                          
    Of some smooth ridge, whose brink precipitous
    Kindles intense desire for powers withheld
    From this corporeal frame; whereon who stands,
    Is seized with strong incitement to push forth
    His arms, as swimmers use, and plunge--dread thought,
    For pastime plunge--into the "abrupt abyss,"              
    Where ravens spread their plumy vans, at ease!

    And yet more gladly thee would I conduct
    Through woods and spacious forests,--to behold
    There, how the Original of human art,                         
    Heaven-prompted Nature, measures and erects
    Her temples, fearless for the stately work,
    Though waves, to every breeze, its high-arched roof,
    And storms the pillars rock. But we such schools
    Of reverential awe will chiefly seek                          
    In the still summer noon, while beams of light,
    Reposing here, and in the aisles beyond
    Traceably gliding through the dusk, recal
    To mind the living presences of nuns;
    A gentle, pensive, white-robed sisterhood,                    
    Whose saintly radiance mitigates the gloom
    Of those terrestrial fabrics, where they serve,
    To Christ, the Sun of righteousness, espoused.
     Now also shall the page of classic lore,
    To these glad eyes from bondage freed, again                  
    Lie open; and the book of Holy Writ,
    Again unfolded, passage clear shall yield
    To heights more glorious still, and into shades
    More awful, where, advancing hand in hand,
    We may be taught, O Darling of my care!                       
    To calm the affections, elevate the soul,
    And consecrate our lives to truth and love.

	
    Inmate of a mountain-dwelling,
    Thou hast clomb aloft, and gazed
    From the watch-towers of Helvellyn;
    Awed, delighted, and amazed!
    Potent was the spell that bound thee                           
    Not unwilling to obey:
    For blue Ether's arms, flung round thee,
    Stilled the pantings of dismay.

    Lo! the dwindled woods and meadows;
    What a vast abyss is there!                                   
    Lo! the clouds, the solemn shadows,
    And the glistenings--heavenly fair!

    And a record of commotion
    Which a thousand ridges yield;
    Ridge, and gulf, and distant ocean                            
    Gleaming like a silver shield!

    Maiden! now take flight;--inherit
    Alps or Andes--they are thine!
    With the morning's roseate Spirit,
    Sweep their length of snowy line;                             

    Or survey their bright dominions
    In the gorgeous colours drest
    Flung from off the purple pinions,
    Evening spreads throughout the west!

    Thine are all the coral fountains                        
    Warbling in each sparry vault
    Of the untrodden lunar mountains;
    Listen to their songs!--or halt,

    To Niphates' top invited,
    Whither spiteful Satan steered;                               
    Or descend where the ark alighted,
    When the green earth re-appeared;

    For the power of hills is on thee,
    As was witnessed through thine eye
    Then, when old Helvellyn won thee                             
    To confess their majesty!

	
	Beneath the concave of an April sky,
    When all the fields with freshest green were dight,
    Appeared, in presence of the spiritual eye
    That aids or supersedes our grosser sight,
    The form and rich habiliments of One                           
    Whose countenance bore resemblance to the sun,
    When it reveals, in evening majesty,
    Features half lost amid their own pure light.
    Poised like a weary cloud, in middle air
    He hung,--then floated with angelic ease                      
    (Softening that bright effulgence by degrees)
    Till he had reached a summit sharp and bare,
    Where oft the venturous heifer drinks the noontide breeze.
    Upon the apex of that lofty cone
    Alighted, there the Stranger stood alone;                     
    Fair as a gorgeous Fabric of the east
    Suddenly raised by some enchanter's power,
    Where nothing was; and firm as some old Tower
    Of Britain's realm, whose leafy crest
    Waves high, embellished by a gleaming shower!
	Beneath the shadow of his purple wings
    Rested a golden harp;--he touched the strings;
    And, after prelude of unearthly sound
    Poured through the echoing hills around,
    He sang--
             "No wintry desolations,                              
    Scorching blight or noxious dew,
    Affect my native habitations;
    Buried in glory, far beyond the scope
    Of man's inquiring gaze, but to his hope
    Imaged, though faintly, in the hue                       
    Profound of night's ethereal blue;
    And in the aspect of each radiant orb:--
    Some fixed, some wandering with no timid curb:
    But wandering star and fixed, to mortal eye,
    Blended in absolute serenity,                                 
    And free from semblance of decline;--
    Fresh as if Evening brought their natal hour,
    Her darkness splendour gave, her silence power,
    To testify of Love and Grace divine.

    

    What if those bright fires                                    
    Shine subject to decay,
    Sons haply of extinguished sires,
    Themselves to lose their light, or pass away
    Like clouds before the wind,                                  
    Be thanks poured out to Him whose hand bestows,
    Nightly, on human kind
    That vision of endurance and repose.
    --And though to every draught of vital breath
    Renewed throughout the bounds of earth or ocean,
    The melancholy gates of Death                                 
    Respond with sympathetic motion;
    Though all that feeds on nether air,
    Howe'er magnificent or fair,
    Grows but to perish, and entrust
    Its ruins to their kindred dust:                              
    Yet, by the Almighty's ever-during care,
    Her procreant vigils Nature keeps
    Amid the unfathomable deeps;
    And saves the peopled fields of earth
    From dread of emptiness or dearth.                       
    Thus, in their stations, lifting tow'rd the sky
    The foliaged head in cloud-like majesty,
    The shadow-casting race of trees survive:
    Thus, in the train of Spring, arrive
    Sweet flowers;--what living eye hath viewed                   
    Their myriads?--endlessly renewed,
    Wherever strikes the sun's glad ray;
    Where'er the subtle waters stray;
    Wherever sportive breezes bend
    Their course, or genial showers descend!                 
    Mortals, rejoice! the very Angels quit
    Their mansions unsusceptible of change,
    Amid your pleasant bowers to sit,
    And through your sweet vicissitudes to range!
	"O, nursed at happy distance from the cares                    
    Of a too-anxious world, mild pastoral Muse!
    That, to the sparkling crown Urania wears,
    And to her sister Clio's laurel wreath,
    Prefer'st a garland culled from purple heath,
    Or blooming thicket moist with morning dews;                  
    Was such bright Spectacle vouchsafed to me?
    And was it granted to the simple ear
    Of thy contented Votary
    Such melody to hear!
    Him rather suits it, side by side with thee,                
    Wrapped in a fit of pleasing indolence,
    While thy tired lute hangs on the hawthorn-tree,
    To lie and listen--till o'er-drowsèd sense
    Sinks, hardly conscious of the influence--
    To the soft murmur of the vagrant Bee.                        
    --A slender sound! yet hoary Time
    Doth to the Soul exalt it with the chime
    Of all his years;--a company
    Of ages coming, ages gone;
    (Nations from before them sweeping,                           
    Regions in destruction steeping,)
    But every awful note in unison
    With that faint utterance, which tells
    Of treasure sucked from buds and bells,
    For the pure keeping of those waxen cells;              
    Where She--a statist prudent to confer
    Upon the common weal; a warrior bold,
    Radiant all over with unburnished gold,
    And armed with living spear for mortal fight;
       A cunning forager                                         
    That spreads no waste; a social builder; one
    In whom all busy offices unite
    With all fine functions that afford delight--
    Safe through the winter storm in quiet dwells!
	And is She brought within the power                          
    Of vision?--o'er this tempting flower
    Hovering until the petals stay
    Her flight, and take its voice away!--
    Observe each wing!--a tiny van!
    The structure of her laden thigh,                            
    How fragile! yet of ancestry
    Mysteriously remote and high;
    High as the imperial front of man;
    The roseate bloom on woman's cheek;
    The soaring eagle's curvèd beak;                             
    The white plumes of the floating swan;
    Old as the tiger's paw, the lion's mane
    Ere shaken by that mood of stern disdain
    At which the desert trembles.--Humming Bee!                  
    Thy sting was needless then, perchance unknown,
    The seeds of malice were not sown;
    All creatures met in peace, from fierceness free,
    And no pride blended with their dignity.
    --Tears had not broken from their source;
    Nor Anguish strayed from her Tartarean den;                  
    The golden years maintained a course
    Not undiversified though smooth and even;
    We were not mocked with glimpse and shadow then,
    Bright Seraphs mixed familiarly with men;                    
    And earth and stars composed a universal heaven!

	
    Forsake me not, Urania, but when Ev'n
    Fades into night, resume the enraptur'd song
    That shadowed forth the immensity of Heav'n
    In music--uttered surely without wrong
    (For 'twas thy work) though here the Listener lay
    Couch'd on green herbage 'mid the warmth of May
    --A parting promise makes a bright farewell:
    Empow'r'd to wait for thy return
    Voice of the Heav'ns I will not mourn;
    Content that holy peace and mute remembrance dwell
    Within the bosom of the chorded shell
    Tuned 'mid those seats of love and joy, concealed
    By day, by night imperfectly revealed;
    Thy native mansions that endure
    Beyond their present seeming--pure
    From taint of dissolution or decay.
    --No blights, no wintry desolations,
    Affect those blissful habitations,
    Built such as hope might gather from the hue
    Profound of the celestial blue,
    And from the aspect of each radiant orb,
    Some fix'd, some wandering, with no timid curb,
    Yet both permitted to proclaim
    Their Maker's glory with unaltered frame.

    
	An age hath been when Earth was proud
    Of lustre too intense
    To be sustained; and Mortals bowed
    The front in self-defence.
    Who then, if Dian's crescent gleamed,                        
    Or Cupid's sparkling arrow streamed
    While on the wing the Urchin played,
    Could fearlessly approach the shade?
    --Enough for one soft vernal day,
    If I, a bard of ebbing time,                                  
    And nurtured in a fickle clime,
    May haunt this hornèd bay;
    Whose amorous water multiplies
    The flitting halcyon's vivid dyes;
    And smooths her liquid breast--to show                   
    These swan-like specks of mountain snow,
    White as the pair that slid along the plains
    Of heaven, when Venus held the reins!
	In youth we love the darksome lawn
    Brushed by the owlet's wing;                                  
    Then, Twilight is preferred to Dawn,
    And Autumn to the Spring.
    Sad fancies do we then affect,
    In luxury of disrespect
    To our own prodigal excess                                    
    Of too familiar happiness.
    Lycoris (if such name befit
    Thee, thee my life's celestial sign!)
    When Nature marks the year's decline,
    Be ours to welcome it;                                        
    Pleased with the harvest hope that runs
    Before the path of milder suns;
    Pleased while the sylvan world displays
    Its ripeness to the feeding gaze;
    Pleased when the sullen winds resound the knell
    Of the resplendent miracle.But something whispers to my heart
    That, as we downward tend,
    Lycoris! life requires an art
    To which our souls must bend;                                 
    A skill--to balance and supply;
    And, ere the flowing fount be dry,
    As soon it must, a sense to sip,
    Or drink, with no fastidious lip.
    Then welcome, above all, the Guest                            
    Whose smiles, diffused o'er land and sea,
    Seem to recal the Deity
    Of youth into the breast:
    May pensive Autumn ne'er present
    A claim to her disparagement!                                 
    While blossoms and the budding spray
    Inspire us in our own decay;
    Still, as we nearer draw to life's dark goal,
    Be hopeful Spring the favourite of the Soul!

	
    Enough of climbing toil!--Ambition treads
    Here, as 'mid busier scenes, ground steep and rough,
    Or slippery even to peril! and each step,
    As we for most uncertain recompence
    Mount toward the empire of the fickle clouds,                  
    Each weary step, dwarfing the world below,
    Induces, for its old familiar sights,
    Unacceptable feelings of contempt,
    With wonder mixed--that Man could e'er be tied,
    In anxious bondage, to such nice array                        
    And formal fellowship of pretty things!
    --Oh! 'tis the heart that magnifies this life,
    Making a truth and beauty of her own;
    And moss-grown alleys, circumscribing shades,
    And gurgling rills, assist her in the work                    
    More efficaciously than realms outspread,
    As in a map, before the adventurer's gaze--
    Ocean and Earth contending for regard.

     The umbrageous woods are left--how far beneath!
    But lo! where darkness seems to guard the mouth               
    Of yon wild cave, whose jaggèd brows are fringed
    With flaccid threads of ivy, in the still
    And sultry air, depending motionless.
    Yet cool the space within, and not uncheered
    (As whoso enters shall ere long perceive)                     
    By stealthy influx of the timid day
    Mingling with night, such twilight to compose
    As Numa loved; when, in the Egerian grot,
    From the sage Nymph appearing at his wish,
    He gained whate'er a regal mind might ask,                    
    Or need, of counsel breathed through lips divine.

     Long as the heat shall rage, let that dim cave
    Protect us, there deciphering as we may
    Diluvian records; or the sighs of Earth
    Interpreting; or counting for old Time                        
    His minutes, by reiterated drops,
    Audible tears, from some invisible source
    That deepens upon fancy--more and more
    Drawn toward the centre whence those sighs creep forth
    To awe the lightness of humanity.                             
    Or, shutting up thyself within thyself,
    There let me see thee sink into a mood
    Of gentler thought, protracted till thine eye
    Be calm as water when the winds are gone,
    And no one can tell whither. Dearest Friend!              
    We too have known such happy hours together
    That, were power granted to replace them (fetched
    From out the pensive shadows where they lie)
    In the first warmth of their original sunshine,
    Loth should I be to use it: passing sweet                     
    Are the domains of tender memory!

	
    Let us quit the leafy arbour,
    And the torrent murmuring by;
    For the sun is in his harbour,
    Weary of the open sky.

    Evening now unbinds the fetters                                
    Fashioned by the glowing light;
    All that breathe are thankful debtors
    To the harbinger of night.

    Yet by some grave thoughts attended
    Eve renews her calm career;                                   
    For the day that now is ended,
    Is the longest of the year.

    Dora! sport, as now thou sportest,
    On this platform, light and free;
    Take thy bliss, while longest, shortest,                      
    Are indifferent to thee!
    Who would check the happy feeling
    That inspires the linnet's song?
    Who would stop the swallow, wheeling
    On her pinions swift and strong?                              

    Yet at this impressive season,
    Words which tenderness can speak
    From the truths of homely reason,
    Might exalt the loveliest cheek;

    And, while shades to shades succeeding                        
    Steal the landscape from the sight,
    I would urge this moral pleading,
    Last forerunner of "Good-night!"

    Summer ebbs;--each day that follows
    Is a reflux from on high,                                     
    Tending to the darksome hollows
    Where the frosts of winter lie.

    He who governs the creation,
    In his providence, assigned
    Such a gradual declination                                    
    To the life of human kind.

    Yet we mark it not;--fruits redden,
    Fresh flowers blow, as flowers have blown,
    And the heart is loth to deaden
    Hopes that she so long hath known.                            

    Be thou wiser, youthful Maiden!
    And when thy decline shall come,
    Let not flowers, or boughs fruit-laden,
    Hide the knowledge of thy doom.

    Now, even now, ere wrapped in slumber,                        
    Fix thine eyes upon the sea
    That absorbs time, space, and number;
    Look thou to Eternity!

    Follow thou the flowing river
    On whose breast are thither borne                             
    All deceived, and each deceiver,
    Through the gates of night and morn;

    Through the year's successive portals;
    Through the bounds which many a star
    Marks, not mindless of frail mortals,                         
    When his light returns from far.

    Thus when thou with Time hast travelled
    Toward the mighty gulf of things,
    And the mazy stream unravelled
    With thy best imaginings;                                

    Think, if thou on beauty leanest,
    Think how pitiful that stay,
    Did not virtue give the meanest
    Charms superior to decay.

    Duty, like a strict preceptor,                           
    Sometimes frowns, or seems to frown;
    Choose her thistle for thy sceptre,
    While youth's roses are thy crown.

    Grasp it,--if thou shrink and tremble,
    Fairest damsel of the green,                                  
    Thou wilt lack the only symbol
    That proclaims a genuine queen;

    And ensure those palms of honour
    Which selected spirits wear,
    Bending low before the Donor,                                 
    Lord of heaven's unchanging year!

	"Who but hails the sight with pleasure
    When the wings of genius rise,
    Their ability to measure
       With great enterprise;
    But in man was ne'er such daring                               
    As yon Hawk exhibits, pairing
    His brave spirit with the war in
       The stormy skies!

    "Mark him, how his power he uses,
    Lays it by, at will resumes!                                  
    Mark, ere for his haunt he chooses
       Clouds and utter glooms!
    There, he wheels in downward mazes;
    Sunward now his flight he raises,
    Catches fire, as seems, and blazes                            
       With uninjured plumes!"--"Stranger, 'tis no act of courage
    Which aloft thou dost discern;
    No bold bird gone forth to forage
       'Mid the tempest stern;                                    
    But such mockery as the nations
    See, when public perturbations
    Lift men from their native stations,
       Like yon TUFT OF FERN;

    "Such it is; the aspiring creature                       
    Soaring on undaunted wing,
    (So you fancied) is by nature
       A dull helpless thing,
    Dry and withered, light and yellow;--
    That to be the tempest's fellow!                            
    Wait--and you shall see how hollow
       Its endeavouring!"

	   
Within the mind strong fancies work,
    A deep delight the bosom thrills,
    Oft as I pass along the fork
    Of these fraternal hills:
    Where, save the rugged road, we find                           
    No appanage of human kind,
    Nor hint of man; if stone or rock
    Seem not his handy-work to mock
    By something cognizably shaped;
    Mockery--or model roughly hewn,                          
    And left as if by earthquake strewn,
    Or from the Flood escaped:
    Altars for Druid service fit;
    (But where no fire was ever lit,
    Unless the glow-worm to the skies                             
    Thence offer nightly sacrifice)
    Wrinkled Egyptian monument;
    Green moss-grown tower; or hoary tent;
    Tents of a camp that never shall be razed--
    On which four thousand years have gazed!
	Ye plough-shares sparkling on the slopes!
    Ye snow-white lambs that trip
    Imprisoned 'mid the formal props
    Of restless ownership!
    Ye trees, that may to-morrow fall                        
    To feed the insatiate Prodigal!
    Lawns, houses, chattels, groves, and fields,
    All that the fertile valley shields;
    Wages of folly--baits of crime,
    Of life's uneasy game the stake,                              
    Playthings that keep the eyes awake
    Of drowsy, dotard Time;--
    O care! O guilt!--O vales and plains,
    Here, 'mid his own unvexed domains,
    A Genius dwells, that can subdue                              
    At once all memory of You,--
    Most potent when mists veil the sky,
    Mists that distort and magnify;
    While the coarse rushes, to the sweeping breeze,
    Sigh forth their ancient melodies!
	List to those shriller notes!--that march
    Perchance was on the blast,
    When, through this Height's inverted arch,
    Rome's earliest legion passed!
    --They saw, adventurously impelled,                           
    And older eyes than theirs beheld,
    This block--and yon, whose church-like frame
    Gives to this savage Pass its name.
    Aspiring Road! that lov'st to hide
    Thy daring in a vapoury bourn,                                
    Not seldom may the hour return
    When thou shalt be my guide:
    And I (as all men may find cause,
    When life is at a weary pause,
    And they have panted up the hill                         
    Of duty with reluctant will)
    Be thankful, even though tired and faint,
    For the rich bounties of constraint;
    Whence oft invigorating transports flow
    That choice lacked courage to bestow!
	My Soul was grateful for delight
    That wore a threatening brow;
    A veil is lifted--can she slight
    The scene that opens now?
    Though habitation none appear,                            
    The greenness tells, man must be there;
    The shelter--that the pérspective
    Is of the clime in which we live;
    Where Toil pursues his daily round;
    Where Pity sheds sweet tears--and Love,                  
    In woodbine bower or birchen grove,
    Inflicts his tender wound.
    --Who comes not hither ne'er shall know
    How beautiful the world below;
    Nor can he guess how lightly leaps                            
    The brook adown the rocky steeps,
    Farewell, thou desolate Domain!
    Hope, pointing to the cultured plain,
    Carols like a shepherd-boy;
    And who is she?--Can that be Joy!                         
    Who, with a sunbeam for her guide,
    Smoothly skims the meadows wide;
    While Faith, from yonder opening cloud,
    To hill and vale proclaims aloud,
    "Whate'er the weak may dread, the wicked dare,                
    Thy lot, O Man, is good, thy portion fair!"


	Smile of the Moon!--for so I name
    That silent greeting from above;
    A gentle flash of light that came
    From her whom drooping captives love;
    Or art thou of still higher birth?                             
    Thou that didst part the clouds of earth,
    My torpor to reprove!
	Bright boon of pitying Heaven!--alas,
    I may not trust thy placid cheer!
    Pondering that Time to-night will pass                        
    The threshold of another year;
    For years to me are sad and dull;
    My very moments are too full
    Of hopelessness and fear.
	And yet, the soul-awakening gleam,                            
    That struck perchance the farthest cone
    Of Scotland's rocky wilds, did seem
    To visit me, and me alone;
    Me, unapproached by any friend,
    Save those who to my sorrows lend                        
    Tears due unto their own.
	To-night the church-tower bells will ring
    Through these wide realms a festive peal;
    To the new year a welcoming;
    A tuneful offering for the weal                          
    Of happy millions lulled in sleep;
    While I am forced to watch and weep,
    By wounds that may not heal.
	Born all too high, by wedlock raised
    Still higher--to be cast thus low!                            
    Would that mine eyes had never gazed
    On aught of more ambitious show
    Than the sweet flowerets of the fields!
    --It is my royal state that yields
    This bitterness of woe.
	Yet how?--for I, if there be truth
    In the world's voice, was passing fair;
    And beauty, for confiding youth,
    Those shocks of passion can prepare
    That kill the bloom before its time;                          
    And blanch, without the owner's crime,
    The most resplendent hair.
	Unblest distinction! showered on me
    To bind a lingering life in chains:
    All that could quit my grasp, or flee,                   
    Is gone;--but not the subtle stains
    Fixed in the spirit; for even here
    Can I be proud that jealous fear
    Of what I was remains.
	A woman rules my prison's key;                                
    A sister Queen, against the bent
    Of law and holiest sympathy,
    Detains me, doubtful of the event;
    Great God, who feel'st for my distress,
    My thoughts are all that I possess,                           
    O keep them innocent!
	Farewell desire of human aid,
    Which abject mortals vainly court!
    By friends deceived, by foes betrayed,
    Of fears the prey, of hopes the sport;                        
    Nought but the world-redeeming Cross
    Is able to supply my loss,
    My burthen to support.Hark! the death-note of the year
    Sounded by the castle-clock!                                  
    From her sunk eyes a stagnant tear
    Stole forth, unsettled by the shock;
    But oft the woods renewed their green,
    Ere the tired head of Scotland's Queen
    Reposed upon the block!                                       

	
	A pilgrim, when the summer day
    Had closed upon his weary way,
    A lodging begged beneath a castle's roof;
    But him the haughty Warder spurned;
    And from the gate the Pilgrim turned,                     
    To seek such covert as the field
    Or heath-besprinkled copse might yield,
    Or lofty wood, shower-proof.

    He paced along; and, pensively,
    Halting beneath a shady tree,                                 
    Whose moss-grown root might serve for couch or seat,
    Fixed on a Star his upward eye;
    Then, from the tenant of the sky
    He turned, and watched with kindred look,
    A Glow-worm, in a dusky nook,                                 
    Apparent at his feet.

    The murmur of a neighbouring stream
    Induced a soft and slumbrous dream,
    A pregnant dream, within whose shadowy bounds
    He recognised the earth-born Star,                            
    And That which glittered from afar;
    And (strange to witness!) from the frame
    Of the ethereal Orb, there came
    Intelligible sounds.

    Much did it taunt the humble Light                       
    That now, when day was fled, and night
    Hushed the dark earth, fast closing weary eyes,
    A very reptile could presume
    To show her taper in the gloom,
    As if in rivalship with One                                   
    Who sate a ruler on his throne
    Erected in the skies.

    "Exalted Star!" the Worm replied,
    "Abate this unbecoming pride,
    Or with a less uneasy lustre shine;                           
    Thou shrink'st as momently thy rays
    Are mastered by the breathing haze;
    While neither mist, nor thickest cloud
    That shapes in heaven its murky shroud,
    Hath power to injure mine.                                    

    But not for this do I aspire
    To match the spark of local fire,
    That at my will burns on the dewy lawn,
    With thy acknowledged glories;--No!
    Yet, thus upbraided, I may show                          
    What favours do attend me here,
    Till, like thyself, I disappear
    Before the purple dawn."

    When this in modest guise was said,
    Across the welkin seemed to spread                            
    A boding sound--for aught but sleep unfit!
    Hills quaked, the rivers backward ran;
    That Star, so proud of late, looked wan;
    And reeled with visionary stir
    In the blue depth, like Lucifer                               
    Cast headlong to the pit!

    Fire raged: and, when the spangled floor
    Of ancient ether was no more,
    New heavens succeeded, by the dream brought forth:
    And all the happy Souls that rode                             
    Transfigured through that fresh abode
    Had heretofore, in humble trust,
    Shone meekly 'mid their native dust,
    The Glow-worms of the earth!

    This knowledge, from an Angel's voice                         
    Proceeding, made the heart rejoice
    Of Him who slept upon the open lea:
    Waking at morn he murmured not;
    And, till life's journey closed, the spot
    Was to the Pilgrim's soul endeared,                           
    Where by that dream he had been cheered
    Beneath the shady tree.

	
	Hopes, what are they?--Beads of morning
    Strung on slender blades of grass;
    Or a spider's web adorning
    In a strait and treacherous pass.

    What are fears but voices airy?                                
    Whispering harm where harm is not;
    And deluding the unwary
    Till the fatal bolt is shot!

    What is glory?--in the socket
    See how dying tapers fare!                                    
    What is pride?--a whizzing rocket
    That would emulate a star.

    What is friendship?--do not trust her,
    Nor the vows which she has made;
    Diamonds dart their brightest lustre                          
    From a palsy-shaken head.

    What is truth?--a staff rejected;
    Duty?--an unwelcome clog;
    Joy?--a moon by fits reflected
    In a swamp or watery bog;                                

    Bright, as if through ether steering,
    To the Traveller's eye it shone:
    He hath hailed it re-appearing--
    And as quickly it is gone;

    Such is Joy--as quickly hidden,                          
    Or mis-shapen to the sight,
    And by sullen weeds forbidden
    To resume its native light.

    What is youth?--a dancing billow,
    (Winds behind, and rocks before!)                        
    Age?--a drooping, tottering willow
    On a flat and lazy shore.

    What is peace?--when pain is over,
    And love ceases to rebel,
    Let the last faint sigh discover                              
    That precedes the passing knell!


	
    What is Hope? A smiling rainbow
     Children follow through the wet;
    'Tis not here, still yonder, yonder:
     Never urchin found it yet.

    What is Life? A thawing iceboard
     On a sea with sunny shore;--
    Gay we sail; it melts beneath us;
     We are sunk, and seen no more.

    What is Man? A foolish baby,
     Vainly strives, and fights, and frets;
    Demanding all, deserving nothing;--
     One small grave is what he gets.

	 
    Pause, Traveller! whosoe'er thou be
    Whom chance may lead to this retreat,
    Where silence yields reluctantly
    Even to the fleecy straggler's bleat;

    Give voice to what my hand shall trace,                        
    And fear not lest an idle sound
    Of words unsuited to the place
    Disturb its solitude profound.

    I saw this Rock, while vernal air
    Blew softly o'er the russet heath,                            
    Uphold a Monument as fair
    As church or abbey furnisheth.

    Unsullied did it meet the day,
    Like marble, white, like ether, pure;
    As if, beneath, some hero lay,                                
    Honoured with costliest sepulture.

    My fancy kindled as I gazed;
    And, ever as the sun shone forth,
    The flattered structure glistened, blazed,
    And seemed the proudest thing on earth.                       

    But frost had reared the gorgeous Pile
    Unsound as those which Fortune builds--
    To undermine with secret guile,
    Sapped by the very beam that gilds.

    And, while I gazed, with sudden shock                         
    Fell the whole Fabric to the ground;
    And naked left this dripping Rock,
    With shapeless ruin spread around!
	

	
    Hast thou seen, with flash incessant,
    Bubbles gliding under ice,
    Bodied forth and evanescent,
    No one knows by what device?

    Such are thoughts!--a wind-swept meadow                   
    Mimicking a troubled sea,
    Such is life; and death a shadow
    From the rock eternity!

    Troubled long with warring notions
    Long impatient of thy rod,
    I resign my soul's emotions
    Unto Thee, mysterious God!

    What avails the kindly shelter                                 
    Yielded by this craggy rent,
    If my spirit toss and welter
    On the waves of discontent?

    Parching Summer hath no warrant
    To consume this crystal Well;                                 
    Rains, that make each rill a torrent,
    Neither sully it nor swell.

    Thus, dishonouring not her station,
    Would my Life present to Thee,
    Gracious God, the pure oblation                               
    Of divine tranquillity!

	Not seldom, clad in radiant vest,
    Deceitfully goes forth the Morn;
    Not seldom Evening in the west
    Sinks smilingly forsworn.

    The smoothest seas will sometimes prove,                       
    To the confiding Bark, untrue;
    And, if she trust the stars above,
    They can be treacherous too.

    The umbrageous Oak, in pomp outspread,
    Full oft, when storms the welkin rend,                        
    Draws lightning down upon the head
    It promised to defend.

    But Thou art true, incarnate Lord,
    Who didst vouchsafe for man to die;
    Thy smile is sure, thy plighted word                          
    No change can falsify!

    I bent before thy gracious throne,
    And asked for peace on suppliant knee;
    And peace was given,--nor peace alone,
    But faith sublimed to ecstasy!                           

	Had this effulgence disappeared
    With flying haste, I might have sent,
    Among the speechless clouds, a look
    Of blank astonishment;
    But 'tis endued with power to stay,                            
    And sanctify one closing day,
    That frail Mortality may see--
    What is?--ah no, but what can be!
    Time was when field and watery cove
    With modulated echoes rang,                                   
    While choirs of fervent Angels sang
    Their vespers in the grove;
    Or, crowning, star-like, each some sovereign height,
    Warbled, for heaven above and earth below,
    Strains, suitable to both.--Such holy rite,                   
    Methinks, if audibly repeated now
    From hill or valley, could not move
    Sublimer transport, purer love,
    Than doth this silent spectacle--the gleam--
    The shadow--and the peace supreme!
	No sound is uttered,--but a deep
    And solemn harmony pervades
    The hollow vale from steep to steep,
    And penetrates the glades.
    Far-distant images draw nigh,                                 
    Called forth by wondrous potency
    Of beamy radiance, that imbues
    Whate'er it strikes, with gem-like hues!
    In vision exquisitely clear,
    Herds range along the mountain side;                     
    And glistening antlers are descried;
    And gilded flocks appear.
    Thine is the tranquil hour, purpureal Eve!
    But long as god-like wish, or hope divine,
    Informs my spirit, ne'er can I believe                        
    That this magnificence is wholly thine!
    --From worlds not quickened by the sun
    A portion of the gift is won;
    An intermingling of Heaven's pomp is spread
    On ground which British shepherds tread!
	And, if there be whom broken ties
    Afflict, or injuries assail,
    Yon hazy ridges to their eyes
    Present a glorious scale,
    Climbing suffused with sunny air,                             
    To stop--no record hath told where!
    And tempting Fancy to ascend,
    And with immortal Spirits blend!
    --Wings at my shoulders seem to play;
    But, rooted here, I stand and gaze                            
    On those bright steps that heaven-ward raise
    Their practicable way.
    Come forth, ye drooping old men, look abroad,
    And see to what fair countries ye are bound!
    And if some traveller, weary of his road,                     
    Hath slept since noontide on the grassy ground,
    Ye Genii! to his covert speed;
    And wake him with such gentle heed
    As may attune his soul to meet the dower
    Bestowed on this transcendent hour!
	Such hues from their celestial Urn
    Were wont to stream before mine eye,
    Where'er it wandered in the morn
    Of blissful infancy.
    This glimpse of glory, why renewed?                           
    Nay, rather speak with gratitude;
    For, if a vestige of those gleams
    Survived, 'twas only in my dreams.
    Dread Power! whom peace and calmness serve
    No less than Nature's threatening voice,                 
    If aught unworthy be my choice,
    From THEE if I would swerve;
    Oh, let thy grace remind me of the light
    Full early lost, and fruitlessly deplored;
    Which, at this moment, on my waking sight                     
    Appears to shine, by miracle restored;
    My soul, though yet confined to earth,
    Rejoices in a second birth!
    --'Tis past, the visionary splendour fades;
    And night approaches with her shades.                         

	
    Pure element of waters! wheresoe'er
    Thou dost forsake thy subterranean haunts,
    Green herbs, bright flowers, and berry-bearing plants,
    Rise into life and in thy train appear:
    And, through the sunny portion of the year,                    
    Swift insects shine, thy hovering pursuivants:
    And, if thy bounty fail, the forest pants;
    And hart and hind and hunter with his spear,
    Languish and droop together. Nor unfelt
    In man's perturbèd soul thy sway benign;                      
    And, haply, far within the marble belt
    Of central earth, where tortured Spirits pine
    For grace and goodness lost, thy murmurs melt
    Their anguish,--and they blend sweet songs with thine.

	
    Was the aim frustrated by force or guile,
    When giants scooped from out the rocky ground,
    Tier under tier, this semicirque profound?
    (Giants--the same who built in Erin's isle
    That Causeway with incomparable toil!)--                       
    O, had this vast theatric structure wound
    With finished sweep into a perfect round,
    No mightier work had gained the plausive smile
    Of all-beholding Phoebus! But, alas,
    Vain earth! false world! 
	Foundations must be laid             
    In Heaven; for, 'mid the wreck of IS and WAS,
    Things incomplete and purposes betrayed
    Make sadder transits o'er thought's optic glass
    Than noblest objects utterly decayed.

	
    At early dawn, or rather when the air
    Glimmers with fading light, and shadowy Eve
    Is busiest to confer and to bereave;
    Then, pensive Votary! let thy feet repair
    To Gordale-chasm, terrific as the lair                         
    Where the young lions couch; for so, by leave
    Of the propitious hour, thou may'st perceive
    The local Deity, with oozy hair
    And mineral crown, beside his jagged urn,                      
    Recumbent: Him thou may'st behold, who hides
    His lineaments by day, yet there presides,
    Teaching the docile waters how to turn,
    Or (if need be) impediment to spurn,
    And force their passage to the salt-sea tides!

	One who was suffering tumult in his soul
    Yet failed to seek the sure relief of prayer,
    Went forth--his course surrendering to the care
    Of the fierce wind, while mid-day lightnings prowl
    Insidiously, untimely thunders growl;                          
    While trees, dim-seen, in frenzied numbers, tear
    The lingering remnant of their yellow hair,
    And shivering wolves, surprised with darkness, howl
    As if the sun were not. He raised his eye
    Soul-smitten; for, that instant, did appear              
    Large space ('mid dreadful clouds) of purest sky,
    An azure disc--shield of Tranquillity;
    Invisible, unlooked-for, minister
    Of providential goodness ever nigh!

	Aerial Rock--whose solitary brow
    From this low threshold daily meets my sight;
    When I step forth to hail the morning light;
    Or quit the stars with a lingering farewell--how
    Shall Fancy pay to thee a grateful vow?                        
    How, with the Muse's aid, her love attest?
    --By planting on thy naked head the crest
    Of an imperial Castle, which the plough
    Of ruin shall not touch. Innocent scheme!
    That doth presume no more than to supply                      
    A grace the sinuous vale and roaring stream
    Want, through neglect of hoar Antiquity.
    Rise, then, ye votive Towers! and catch a gleam
    Of golden sunset, ere it fade and die.

	The imperial Consort of the Fairy-king
    Owns not a sylvan bower; or gorgeous cell
    With emerald floored, and with purpureal shell
    Ceilinged and roofed; that is so fair a thing
    As this low structure, for the tasks of Spring,                
    Prepared by one who loves the buoyant swell
    Of the brisk waves, yet here consents to dwell;
    And spreads in steadfast peace her brooding wing.
    Words cannot paint the o'ershadowing yew-tree bough,
    And dimly-gleaming Nest,--a hollow crown                      
    Of golden leaves inlaid with silver down,
    Fine as the mother's softest plumes allow:
    I gazed--and, self-accused while gazing, sighed
    For human-kind, weak slaves of cumbrous pride!

	While flowing rivers yield a blameless sport,
    Shall live the name of Walton: Sage benign!
    Whose pen, the mysteries of the rod and line
    Unfolding, did not fruitlessly exhort
    To reverend watching of each still report                      
    That Nature utters from her rural shrine.
    Meek, nobly versed in simple discipline--
    He found the longest summer day too short,
    To his loved pastime given by sedgy Lee,
    Or down the tempting maze of Shawford brook--                 
    Fairer than life itself, in this sweet Book,
    The cowslip-bank and shady willow-tree;
    And the fresh meads--where flowed, from every nook
    Of his full bosom, gladsome Piety!

	
    "As the cold aspect of a sunless way
    Strikes through the Traveller's frame with deadlier chill,
    Oft as appears a grove, or obvious hill,
    Glistening with unparticipated ray,
    Or shining slope where he must never stray;                    
    So joys, remembered without wish or will,
    Sharpen the keenest edge of present ill,--
    On the crushed heart a heavier burthen lay.
    Just Heaven, contract the compass of my mind
    To fit proportion with my altered state!                      
    Quench those felicities whose light I find
    Reflected in my bosom all too late!--
    O be my spirit, like my thraldom, strait;
    And, like mine eyes that stream with sorrow, blind!"

	
    Lone Flower, hemmed in with snows and white as they
    But hardier far, once more I see thee bend
    Thy forehead, as if fearful to offend,
    Like an unbidden guest. Though day by day,
    Storms, sallying from the mountain-tops, way-lay               
    The rising sun, and on the plains descend;
    Yet art thou welcome, welcome as a friend
    Whose zeal outruns his promise! Blue-eyed May
    Shall soon behold this border thickly set
    With bright jonquils, their odours lavishing                  
    On the soft west-wind and his frolic peers;
    Nor will I then thy modest grace forget,
    Chaste Snow-drop, venturous harbinger of Spring,
    And pensive monitor of fleeting years!

	When haughty expectations prostrate lie,
    And grandeur crouches like a guilty thing,
    Oft shall the lowly weak, till nature bring
    Mature release, in fair society
    Survive, and Fortune's utmost anger try;                       
    Like these frail snow-drops that together cling,
    And nod their helmets, smitten by the wing
    Of many a furious whirl-blast sweeping by.
    Observe the faithful flowers! if small to great
    May lead the thoughts, thus struggling used to stand
    The Emathian phalanx, nobly obstinate;                    
    And so the bright immortal Theban band,
    Whom onset, fiercely urged at Jove's command,
    Might overwhelm, but could not separate!

	Among the mountains were we nursed, loved Stream!
    Thou near the eagle's nest--within brief sail,
    I, of his bold wing floating on the gale,
    Where thy deep voice could lull me! Faint the beam
    Of human life when first allowed to gleam                      
    On mortal notice.--Glory of the vale,
    Such thy meek outset, with a crown, though frail,
    Kept in perpetual verdure by the steam
    Of thy soft breath!--Less vivid wreath entwined
    Nemæan victor's brow; less bright was worn,                   
    Meed of some Roman chief--in triumph borne
    With captives chained; and shedding from his car
    The sunset splendours of a finished war
    Upon the proud enslavers of mankind!

    With each recurrence of this glorious morn
    That saw the Saviour in his human frame
    Rise from the dead, erewhile the Cottage-dame
    Put on fresh raiment--till that hour unworn:
    Domestic hands the home-bred wool had shorn,              
    And she who span it culled the daintiest fleece,
    In thoughtful reverence to the Prince of Peace,
    Whose temples bled beneath the platted thorn.
    A blest estate when piety sublime
    These humble props disdained not! O green dales!
    Sad may I be who heard your sabbath chime                   
    When Art's abused inventions were unknown;
    Kind Nature's various wealth was all your own;
    And benefits were weighed in Reason's scales!


	
    Erewhile to celebrate this glorious morn
    That saw the unvanquished Saviour of mankind
    Rise from the grave, the Ruler and the Hind
    Put on fresh raiment, till that hour unworn,
    Fair cloth of home-bred wool which he had shorn,
    Her hands had spun, culling her daintiest fleece,
    Such reverence paid they to the Prince of Peace.
    O blest estate, when Piety sublime
    These humble props disdained not! Are thy flowers
    Banished for aye, from Britain's hills and vales
    Extinct, or lingering in a happier clime,
    Where our abused inventions are unknown
    And benefits are weighed in Reason's scales?

    
	Grief, thou hast lost an ever ready friend
    Now that the cottage Spinning-wheel is mute;
    And Care--a comforter that best could suit
    Her froward mood, and softliest reprehend;
    And Love--a charmer's voice, that used to lend,                
    More efficaciously than aught that flows
    From harp or lute, kind influence to compose
    The throbbing pulse--else troubled without end:
    Even Joy could tell, Joy craving truce and rest
    From her own overflow, what power sedate                      
    On those revolving motions did await
    Assiduously--to soothe her aching breast;
    And, to a point of just relief, abate
    The mantling triumphs of a day too blest.

	
    The panting breast else troubled without end:
    And fancy prized the murmuring spinning-wheel
    In sympathies inexplicably fine,
    Instilled a confidence how sweet to feel!
    That ever, in the night calm, when the sheep
    Upon their grassy beds lay couched in sleep,
    The quickening spindle drew a trustier line.

    
	I heard (alas! 'twas only in a dream)
    Strains--which, as sage Antiquity believed,
    By waking ears have sometimes been received
    Wafted adown the wind from lake or stream;
    A most melodious requiem, a supreme                            
    And perfect harmony of notes, achieved
    By a fair Swan on drowsy billows heaved,
    O'er which her pinions shed a silver gleam.
    For is she not the votary of Apollo?
    And knows she not, singing as he inspires,               
    That bliss awaits her which the ungenial Hollow
    Of the dull earth partakes not, nor desires?
    Mount, tuneful Bird, and join the immortal quires!
    She soared--and I awoke, struggling in vain to follow.

	Those silver clouds collected round the sun
    His mid-day warmth abate not, seeming less
    To overshade than multiply his beams
    By soft reflection--grateful to the sky,                       
    To rocks, fields, woods. Nor doth our human sense
    Ask, for its pleasure, screen or canopy
    More ample than the time-dismantled Oak
    Spreads o'er this tuft of heath, which now, attired
    In the whole fulness of its bloom, affords
    Couch beautiful as e'er for earthly use                  
    Was fashioned; whether by the hand of Art,
    That eastern Sultan, amid flowers enwrought
    On silken tissue, might diffuse his limbs
    In languor; or, by Nature, for repose
    Of panting Wood-nymph, wearied with the chase.           
    O Lady! fairer in thy Poet's sight
    Than fairest spiritual creature of the groves,
    Approach;--and, thus invited, crown with rest
    The noontide hour: though truly some there are
    Whose footsteps superstitiously avoid                         
    This venerable Tree; for, when the wind
    Blows keenly, it sends forth a creaking sound
    (Above the general roar of woods and crags)
    Distinctly heard from far--a doleful note!
    As if (so Grecian shepherds would have deemed)                
    The Hamadryad, pent within, bewailed
    Some bitter wrong. Nor is it unbelieved,
    By ruder fancy, that a troubled ghost
    Haunts the old trunk; lamenting deeds of which
    The flowery ground is conscious. But no wind                  
    Sweeps now along this elevated ridge;
    Not even a zephyr stirs;--the obnoxious Tree
    Is mute: and, in his silence, would look down,
    O lovely Wanderer of the trackless hills,
    On thy reclining form with more delight                  
    Than his coevals in the sheltered vale
    Seem to participate, the while they view
    Their own far-stretching arms and leafy heads
    Vividly pictured in some glassy pool,
    That, for a brief space, checks the hurrying stream!          

	
    The sylvan slopes with corn-clad fields
    Are hung, as if with golden shields,
    Bright trophies of the sun!
    Like a fair sister of the sky,
    Unruffled doth the blue lake lie,                              
    The mountains looking on.

    And, sooth to say, yon vocal grove,
    Albeit uninspired by love,
    By love untaught to ring,
    May well afford to mortal ear                                 
    An impulse more profoundly dear
    Than music of the Spring.

    For that from turbulence and heat
    Proceeds, from some uneasy seat
    In nature's struggling frame,                                 
    Some region of impatient life:
    And jealousy, and quivering strife,
    Therein a portion claim.

    This, this is holy;--while I hear
    These vespers of another year,                                
    This hymn of thanks and praise,
    My spirit seems to mount above
    The anxieties of human love,
    And earth's precarious days.

    But list!--though winter storms be nigh,                      
    Unchecked is that soft harmony;
    There lives Who can provide
    For all His creatures; and in Him,
    Even like the radiant Seraphim,
    These choristers confide.                                     

	Departing summer hath assumed
    An aspect tenderly illumed,
    The gentlest look of spring;
    That calls from yonder leafy shade
    Unfaded, yet prepared to fade,                                 
    A timely carolling.

    No faint and hesitating trill,
    Such tribute as to winter chill
    The lonely redbreast pays!
    Clear, loud, and lively is the din,                           
    From social warblers gathering in
    Their harvest of sweet lays.

    Nor doth the example fail to cheer
    Me, conscious that my leaf is sere,
    And yellow on the bough:--                                    
    Fall, rosy garlands, from my head!
    Ye myrtle wreaths, your fragrance shed
    Around a younger brow!

    Yet will I temperately rejoice;
    Wide is the range, and free the choice                        
    Of undiscordant themes;
    Which, haply, kindred souls may prize
    Not less than vernal ecstasies,
    And passion's feverish dreams.

    For deathless powers to verse belong,                         
    And they like Demi-gods are strong
    On whom the Muses smile;
    But some their function have disclaimed,
    Best pleased with what is aptliest framed
    To enervate and defile.                                   

    Not such the initiatory strains
    Committed to the silent plains
    In Britain's earliest dawn:
    Trembled the groves, the stars grew pale,
    While all-too-daringly the veil                               
    Of nature was withdrawn!

    Nor such the spirit-stirring note
    When the live chords Alcæus smote,
    Inflamed by sense of wrong;
    Woe! woe to Tyrants! from the lyre                            
    Broke threateningly, in sparkles dire
    Of fierce vindictive song.

    And not unhallowed was the page
    By wingèd Love inscribed, to assuage
    The pangs of vain pursuit;                                    
    Love listening while the Lesbian Maid
    With finest touch of passion swayed
    Her own Æolian lute.

    O ye, who patiently explore
    The wreck of Herculanean lore,                            
    What rapture! could ye seize
    Some Theban fragment, or unroll
    One precious, tender-hearted, scroll
    Of pure Simonides.

    That were, indeed, a genuine birth                            
    Of poesy; a bursting forth
    Of genius from the dust:
    What Horace gloried to behold,
    What Maro loved shall we enfold?
    Can haughty Time be just!                                     


	
    Dogmatic Teachers, of the snow-white fur!
    Ye wrangling Schoolmen, of the scarlet hood!
    Who, with a keenness not to be withstood,
    Press the point home, or falter and demur,
    Checked in your course by many a teasing burr;                 
    These natural council-seats your acrid blood
    Might cool;--and, as the Genius of the flood
    Stoops willingly to animate and spur
    Each lighter function slumbering in the brain,
    Yon eddying balls of foam, these arrowy gleams                
    That o'er the pavement of the surging streams
    Welter and flash, a synod might detain
    With subtle speculations, haply vain,
    But surely less so than your far-fetched themes!


	Ward of the LAW!--dread Shadow of a King!
    Whose realm had dwindled to one stately room;
    Whose universe was gloom immersed in gloom,
    Darkness as thick as life o'er life could fling,
    Save haply for some feeble glimmering                     
    Of Faith and Hope--if thou, by nature's doom,
    Gently hast sunk into the quiet tomb,
    Why should we bend in grief, to sorrow cling,
    When thankfulness were best?--Fresh-flowing tears,
    Or, where tears flow not, sigh succeeding sigh,               
    Yield to such after-thought the sole reply
    Which justly it can claim. The Nation hears
    In this deep knell, silent for threescore years,
    An unexampled voice of awful memory!

	
    The stars are mansions built by Nature's hand,
    And, haply, there the spirits of the blest
    Dwell, clothed in radiance, their immortal vest;
    Huge Ocean shows, within his yellow strand,
    A habitation marvellously planned,                             
    For life to occupy in love and rest;
    All that we see--is dome, or vault, or nest,
    Or fortress, reared at Nature's sage command.
    Glad thought for every season! but the Spring
    Gave it while cares were weighing on my heart,                
    'Mid song of birds, and insects murmuring;
    And while the youthful year's prolific art--
    Of bud, leaf, blade, and flower--was fashioning
    Abodes where self-disturbance hath no part.

	Lady! I rifled a Parnassian cave
    (But seldom trod) of mildly-gleaming ore;
    And culled, from sundry beds, a lucid store
    Of genuine crystals, pure as those that pave
    The azure brooks, where Dian joys to lave                      
    Her spotless limbs; and ventured to explore
    Dim shades--for reliques, upon Lethe's shore,
    Cast up at random by the sullen wave.
    To female hands the treasures were resigned;
    And lo this Work!--a grotto bright and clear                  
    From stain or taint; in which thy blameless mind
    May feed on thoughts though pensive not austere;
    Or, if thy deeper spirit be inclined
    To holy musing, it may enter here.

	A book came forth of late, called PETER BELL;
    Not negligent the style;--the matter?--good
    As aught that song records of Robin Hood;
    Or Roy, renowned through many a Scottish dell;
    But some (who brook those hackneyed themes full well,
    Nor heat, at Tam o' Shanter's name, their blood)          
    Waxed wroth, and with foul claws, a harpy brood,
    On Bard and Hero clamorously fell.
    Heed not, wild Rover once through heath and glen,
    Who mad'st at length the better life thy choice,              
    Heed not such onset! nay, if praise of men
    To thee appear not an unmeaning voice,
    Lift up that grey-haired forehead, and rejoice
    In the just tribute of thy Poet's pen!

	A book was writ of late called Tetrachordon,
    And woven close, both matter, form, and style;
    The subject new: it walked the town a while,
    Numbering good intellects; now seldom pored on.
    Cries the stall-reader, "Bless us! what a word on
    A title-page is this!"; and some in file
    Stand spelling false, while one might walk to Mile-End
    Green. Why, is it harder, sirs, than Gordon,
    Colkitto, or Macdonnel, or Galasp?
    Those rugged names to our like mouths grow sleek,
    That would have made Quintilian stare and gasp.
    Thy age, like ours, O soul of Sir John Cheek,
    Hated not learning worse than toad or asp,
    When thou taught'st Cambridge and King Edward Greek.

    
	Ye sacred Nurseries of blooming Youth!
    In whose collegiate shelter England's Flowers
    Expand, enjoying through their vernal hours
    The air of liberty, the light of truth;
    Much have ye suffered from Time's gnawing tooth:               
    Yet, O ye spires of Oxford! domes and towers!
    Gardens and groves! your presence overpowers
    The soberness of reason; till, in sooth,
    Transformed, and rushing on a bold exchange,
    I slight my own beloved Cam, to range                         
    Where silver Isis leads my stripling feet;
    Pace the long avenue, or glide adown
    The stream-like windings of that glorious street--
    An eager Novice robed in fluttering gown!

	
    Shame on this faithless heart! that could allow
    Such transport, though but for a moment's space;
    Not while--to aid the spirit of the place--
    The crescent moon clove with its glittering prow
    The clouds, or night-bird sang from shady bough;          
    But in plain daylight:--She, too, at my side,
    Who, with her heart's experience satisfied,
    Maintains inviolate its slightest vow!
    Sweet Fancy! other gifts must I receive;
    Proofs of a higher sovereignty I claim;                       
    Take from her brow the withering flowers of eve,
    And to that brow life's morning wreath restore;
    Let her be comprehended in the frame
    Of these illusions, or they please no more.

	
    Fame tells of groves--from England far away--
    Groves that inspire the Nightingale to trill
    And modulate, with subtle reach of skill
    Elsewhere unmatched, her ever-varying lay;
    Such bold report I venture to gainsay:                         
    For I have heard the quire of Richmond hill
    Chanting, with indefatigable bill,
    Strains that recalled to mind a distant day;
    When, haply under shade of that same wood,
    And scarcely conscious of the dashing oars                    
    Plied steadily between those willowy shores,
    The sweet-souled Poet of the Seasons stood--
    Listening, and listening long, in rapturous mood,
    Ye heavenly Birds! to your Progenitors.

	
    Abruptly paused the strife;--the field throughout
    Resting upon his arms each warrior stood,
    Checked in the very act and deed of blood,
    With breath suspended, like a listening scout.
    O Silence! thou wert mother of a shout                         
    That through the texture of yon azure dome
    Cleaves its glad way, a cry of harvest home
    Uttered to Heaven in ecstasy devout!
    The barrier Rhine hath flashed, through battle-smoke,
    On men who gaze heart-smitten by the view,               
    As if all Germany had felt the shock!
    --Fly, wretched Gauls! ere they the charge renew
    Who have seen--themselves now casting off the yoke--
    The unconquerable Stream his course pursue.

	
    Where holy ground begins, unhallowed ends,
    Is marked by no distinguishable line;
    The turf unites, the pathways intertwine;
    And, wheresoe'er the stealing footstep tends,
    Garden, and that Domain where kindred, friends,                
    And, neighbours rest together, here confound
    Their several features, mingled like the sound
    Of many waters, or as evening blends
    With shady night. Soft airs, from shrub and flower,
    Waft fragrant greetings to each silent grave;                 
    And while those lofty poplars gently wave
    Their tops, between them comes and goes a sky
    Bright as the glimpses of eternity,
    To saints accorded in their mortal hour.

	Keep for the Young the impassioned smile
    Shed from thy countenance, as I see thee stand
    High on that chalky cliff of Britain's Isle,
    A slender volume grasping in thy hand--
    (Perchance the pages that relate                               
    The various turns of Crusoe's fate)--
    Ah, spare the exulting smile,
    And drop thy pointing finger bright
    As the first flash of beacon light,
    But neither veil thy head in shadows dim,                     
    Nor turn thy face away
    From One who, in the evening of his day,
    To thee would offer no presumptuous hymn!
	Bold Spirit! who art free to rove
    Among the starry courts of Jove,                              
    And oft in splendour dost appear
    Embodied to poetic eyes,
    While traversing this nether sphere,
    Where Mortals call thee ENTERPRISE.
    Daughter of Hope! her favourite Child,                        
    Whom she to young Ambition bore,
    When hunter's arrow first defiled
    The grove, and stained the turf with gore;
    Thee wingèd Fancy took, and nursed
    On broad Euphrates' palmy shore,                              
    And where the mightier Waters burst
    From caves of Indian mountains hoar!
    She wrapped thee in a panther's skin;
    And Thou, thy favourite food to win,
    The flame-eyed eagle oft would scare                          
    From her rock-fortress in mid air,
    With infant shout; and often sweep,
    Paired with the ostrich, o'er the plain;
    Or, tired with sport, wouldst sink asleep
    Upon the couchant lion's mane!                                
    With rolling years thy strength increased;
    And, far beyond thy native East,
    To thee, by varying titles known
    As variously thy power was shown,
    Did incense-bearing altars rise,                              
    Which caught the blaze of sacrifice,
    From suppliants panting for the skies!
	What though this ancient Earth be trod
    No more by step of Demi-god
    Mounting from glorious deed to deed                           
    As thou from clime to clime didst lead;
    Yet still, the bosom beating high,
    And the hushed farewell of an eye
    Where no procrastinating gaze
    A last infirmity betrays,                                     
    Prove that thy heaven-descended sway
    Shall ne'er submit to cold decay.
    By thy divinity impelled,
    The Stripling seeks the tented field;
    The aspiring Virgin kneels; and, pale                         
    With awe, receives the hallowed veil,
    A soft and tender Heroine
    Vowed to severer discipline;
    Inflamed by thee, the blooming Boy
    Makes of the whistling shrouds a toy,                         
    And of the ocean's dismal breast
    A play-ground,--or a couch of rest;
    'Mid the blank world of snow and ice,
    Thou to his dangers dost enchain
    The Chamois-chaser awed in vain                          
    By chasm or dizzy precipice;
    And hast Thou not with triumph seen
    How soaring Mortals glide between
    Or through the clouds, and brave the light
    With bolder than Icarian flight?                              
    How they, in bells of crystal, dive--
    Where winds and waters cease to strive--
    For no unholy visitings,
    Among the monsters of the Deep;
    And all the sad and precious things                           
    Which there in ghastly silence sleep?
    Or, adverse tides and currents headed,
    And breathless calms no longer dreaded,
    In never-slackening voyage go
    Straight as an arrow from the bow;                            
    And, slighting sails and scorning oars,
    Keep faith with Time on distant shores?
    --Within our fearless reach are placed
    The secrets of the burning Waste;
    Egyptian tombs unlock their dead,                             
    Nile trembles at his fountain head;
    Thou speak'st--and lo! the polar Seas
    Unbosom their last mysteries.
    --But oh! what transports, what sublime reward,
    Won from the world of mind, dost thou prepare                 
    For philosophic Sage; or high-souled Bard
    Who, for thy service trained in lonely woods,
    Hath fed on pageants floating through the air,
    Or calentured in depth of limpid floods;                      
    Nor grieves--tho' doomed thro' silent night to bear
    The domination of his glorious themes,
    Or struggle in the net-work of thy dreams!
	If there be movements in the Patriot's soul,
    From source still deeper, and of higher worth,
    'Tis thine the quickening impulse to control,                
    And in due season send the mandate forth;
    Thy call a prostrate Nation can restore,
    When but a single Mind resolves to crouch no more.
	Dread Minister of wrath!
    Who to their destined punishment dost urge                   
    The Pharaohs of the earth, the men of hardened heart!
    Not unassisted by the flattering stars,
    Thou strew'st temptation o'er the path
    When they in pomp depart
    With trampling horses and refulgent cars--                   
    Soon to be swallowed by the briny surge;
    Or cast, for lingering death, on unknown strands;
    Or caught amid a whirl of desert sands--
    An Army now, and now a living hill                           
    That a brief while heaves with convulsive throes--
    Then all is still;
    Or, to forget their madness and their woes,
    Wrapt in a winding-sheet of spotless snows!
	Back flows the willing current of my Song:
    If to provoke such doom the Impious dare,                    
    Why should it daunt a blameless prayer?
    --Bold Goddess! range our Youth among;
    Nor let thy genuine impulse fail to beat
    In hearts no longer young;
    Still may a veteran Few have pride                           
    In thoughts whose sternness makes them sweet;
    In fixed resolves by Reason justified;
    That to their object cleave like sleet
    Whitening a pine tree's northern side,
    When fields are naked far and wide,                          
    And withered leaves, from earth's cold breast
    Up-caught in whirlwinds, nowhere can find rest.
	But, if such homage thou disdain
    As doth with mellowing years agree,
    One rarely absent from thy train                             
    More humble favours may obtain
    For thy contented Votary.
    She, who incites the frolic lambs
    In presence of their heedless dams,
    And to the solitary fawn                                     
    Vouchsafes her lessons, bounteous Nymph
    That wakes the breeze, the sparkling lymph
    Doth hurry to the lawn;
    She, who inspires that strain of joyance holy                
    Which the sweet Bird, misnamed the melancholy,
    Pours forth in shady groves, shall plead for me;
    And vernal mornings opening bright
    With views of undefined delight,
    And cheerful songs, and suns that shine
    On busy days, with thankful nights, be mine.
	But thou, O Goddess! in thy favourite Isle
    (Freedom's impregnable redoubt,
    The wide earth's store-house fenced about
    With breakers roaring to the gales
    That stretch a thousand thousand sails)                      
    Quicken the slothful, and exalt the vile!--
    Thy impulse is the life of Fame;
    Glad Hope would almost cease to be
    If torn from thy society;
    And Love, when worthiest of his name,                   
    Is proud to walk the earth with Thee!

	
    The Minstrels played their Christmas tune
    To-night beneath my cottage-eaves;
    While, smitten by a lofty moon,
    The encircling laurels, thick with leaves,
    Gave back a rich and dazzling sheen,                           
    That overpowered their natural green.

    Through hill and valley every breeze
    Had sunk to rest with folded wings:
    Keen was the air, but could not freeze,
    Nor check, the music of the strings;                          
    So stout and hardy were the band
    That scraped the chords with strenuous hand!

    And who but listened?--till was paid
    Respect to every Inmate's claim:
    The greeting given, the music played,                         
    In honour of each household name,
    Duly pronounced with lusty call,
    And "merry Christmas" wished to all!

    O Brother! I revere the choice
    That took thee from thy native hills;                         
    And it is given thee to rejoice:
    Though public care full often tills
    (Heaven only witness of the toil)
    A barren and ungrateful soil.

    Yet, would that Thou, with me and mine,                       
    Hadst heard this never-failing rite;
    And seen on other faces shine
    A true revival of the light
    Which Nature and these rustic Powers,
    In simple childhood, spread through ours!                     

    For pleasure hath not ceased to wait
    On these expected annual rounds;
    Whether the rich man's sumptuous gate
    Call forth the unelaborate sounds,
    Or they are offered at the door                               
    That guards the lowliest of the poor.

    How touching, when, at midnight, sweep
    Snow-muffled winds, and all is dark,
    To hear--and sink again to sleep!
    Or, at an earlier call, to mark,                              
    By blazing fire, the still suspense
    Of self-complacent innocence;

    The mutual nod,--the grave disguise
    Of hearts with gladness brimming o'er;
    And some unbidden tears that rise                             
    For names once heard, and heard no more;
    Tears brightened by the serenade
    For infant in the cradle laid.

    Ah! not for emerald fields alone,
    With ambient streams more pure and bright                     
    Than fabled Cytherea's zone
    Glittering before the Thunderer's sight,
    Is to my heart of hearts endeared
    The ground where we were born and reared!

    Hail, ancient Manners! sure defence,                          
    Where they survive, of wholesome laws;
    Remnants of love whose modest sense
    Thus into narrow room withdraws;
    Hail, Usages of pristine mould,
    And ye that guard them, Mountains old!                        

    Bear with me, Brother! quench the thought
    That slights this passion, or condemns;
    If thee fond Fancy ever brought
    From the proud margin of the Thames,
    And Lambeth's venerable towers,                           
    To humbler streams, and greener bowers.

    Yes, they can make, who fail to find,
    Short leisure even in busiest days;
    Moments, to cast a look behind,
    And profit by those kindly rays                               
    That through the clouds do sometimes steal,
    And all the far-off past reveal.

    Hence, while the imperial City's din
    Beats frequent on thy satiate ear,
    A pleased attention I may win                                 
    To agitations less severe,
    That neither overwhelm nor cloy,
    But fill the hollow vale with joy!

	Not envying Latian shades--if yet they throw
    A grateful coolness round that crystal Spring,
    Blandusia, prattling--as when long ago
    The Sabine Bard was moved her praise to sing;
    Careless of flowers that in perennial blow                     
    Round the moist marge of Persian fountains cling;
    Heedless of Alpine torrents thundering
    Through ice-built arches radiant as heaven's bow;
    I seek the birth-place of a native Stream.--
    All hail, ye mountains! hail, thou morning light!             
    Better to breathe at large on this clear height
    Than toil in needless sleep from dream to dream:
    Pure flow the verse, pure, vigorous, free, and bright,
    For Duddon, long-loved Duddon, is my theme!

	
    How shall I paint thee?--Be this naked stone
    My seat, while I give way to such intent;
    Pleased could my verse, a speaking monument,
    Make to the eyes of men thy features known.
    But as of all those tripping lambs not one                     
    Outruns his fellows, so hath Nature lent
    To thy beginning nought that doth present
    Peculiar ground for hope to build upon.
    To dignify the spot that gives thee birth,
    No sign of hoar Antiquity's esteem                            
    Appears, and none of modern Fortune's care;
    Yet thou thyself hast round thee shed a gleam
    Of brilliant moss, instinct with freshness rare;
    Prompt offering to thy Foster-mother, Earth!

	
    Take, cradled Nursling of the mountain, take
    This parting glance, no negligent adieu!
    A Protean change seems wrought while I pursue
    The curves, a loosely-scattered chain doth make;
    Or rather thou appear'st a glittering snake,                
    Silent, and to the gazer's eye untrue,
    Thridding with sinuous lapse the rushes, through
    Dwarf willows gliding, and by ferny brake.
    Starts from a dizzy steep the undaunted Rill
    Robed instantly in garb of snow-white foam;                
    And laughing dares the Adventurer, who hath clomb
    So high, a rival purpose to fulfil;
    Else let the dastard backward wend, and roam,
    Seeking less bold achievement, where he will!

	
    Sole listener, Duddon! to the breeze that played
    With thy clear voice, I caught the fitful sound
    Wafted o'er sullen moss and craggy mound--
    Unfruitful solitudes, that seemed to upbraid
    The sun in heaven!--but now, to form a shade                   
    For Thee, green alders have together wound
    Their foliage; ashes flung their arms around;
    And birch-trees risen in silver colonnade.
    And thou hast also tempted here to rise,
    'Mid sheltering pines, this Cottage rude and grey;            
    Whose ruddy children, by the mother's eyes
    Carelessly watched, sport through the summer day,
    Thy pleased associates:--light as endless May
    On infant bosoms lonely Nature lies.

	
    Ere yet our course was graced with social trees
    It lacked not old remains of hawthorn bowers,
    Where small birds warbled to their paramours;
    And, earlier still, was heard the hum of bees;
    I saw them ply their harmless robberies,                       
    And caught the fragrance which the sundry flowers,
    Fed by the stream with soft perpetual showers,
    Plenteously yielded to the vagrant breeze.
    There bloomed the strawberry of the wilderness;
    The trembling eyebright showed her sapphire blue,
    The thyme her purple, like the blush of Even;                 
    And if the breath of some to no caress
    Invited, forth they peeped so fair to view,
    All kinds alike seemed favourites of Heaven.

	
               Glancing from their plumes
    A changeful light the azure vault illumes.
    Less varying hues beneath the Pole adorn
    The streamy glories of the Boreal morn,
    That wavering to and fro their radiance shed
    On Bothnia's gulf with glassy ice o'erspread,
    Where the lone native, as he homeward glides,
    On polish'd sandals o'er the imprisoned tides,
    And still the balance of his frame preserves,
    Wheel'd on alternate foot in lengthening curves,
    Sees at a glance, above him and below,
    Two rival heav'ns with equal splendour glow.
    Sphered in the centre of the world he seems,
    For all around with soft effulgence gleams;
    Stars, moons, and meteors, ray opposed to ray,
    And solemn midnight pours the blaze of day.


	
    "Change me, some God, into that breathing rose!"
    The love-sick Stripling fancifully sighs,
    The envied flower beholding, as it lies
    On Laura's breast, in exquisite repose;
    Or he would pass into her bird, that throws                    
    The darts of song from out its wiry cage;
    Enraptured,--could he for himself engage
    The thousandth part of what the Nymph bestows;
    And what the little careless innocent
    Ungraciously receives. Too daring choice!                     
    There are whose calmer mind it would content
    To be an unculled floweret of the glen,
    Fearless of plough and scythe; or darkling wren
    That tunes on Duddon's banks her slender voice.

    What aspect bore the Man who roved or fled,
    First of his tribe, to this dark dell--who first
    In this pellucid Current slaked his thirst?
    What hopes came with him? what designs were spread
    Along his path? His unprotected bed                            
    What dreams encompassed? Was the intruder nursed
    In hideous usages, and rites accursed,
    That thinned the living and disturbed the dead?
    No voice replies;--both air and earth are mute;
    And Thou, blue Streamlet, murmuring yield'st no more          
    Than a soft record, that, whatever fruit
    Of ignorance thou might'st witness heretofore,
    Thy function was to heal and to restore,
    To soothe and cleanse, not madden and pollute!

	
    The struggling Rill insensibly is grown
    Into a Brook of loud and stately march,
    Crossed ever and anon by plank or arch;
    And, for like use, lo! what might seem a zone
    Chosen for ornament--stone matched with stone                  
    In studied symmetry, with interspace
    For the clear waters to pursue their race
    Without restraint. How swiftly have they flown,
    Succeeding--still succeeding! Here the Child
    Puts, when the high-swoln Flood runs fierce and wild,
    His budding courage to the proof; and here                    
    Declining Manhood learns to note the sly
    And sure encroachments of infirmity,
    Thinking how fast time runs, life's end how near!

	
    Not so that Pair whose youthful spirits dance
    With prompt emotion, urging them to pass;
    A sweet confusion checks the Shepherd-lass;
    Blushing she eyes the dizzy flood askance;
    To stop ashamed--too timid to advance;                         
    She ventures once again--another pause!
    His outstretched hand He tauntingly withdraws--
    She sues for help with piteous utterance!
    Chidden she chides again; the thrilling touch
    Both feel, when he renews the wished-for aid:                 
    Ah! if their fluttering hearts should stir too much,
    Should beat too strongly, both may be betrayed.
    The frolic Loves, who, from yon high rock, see
    The struggle, clap their wings for victory!THE FAËRY CHASM

    No fiction was it of the antique age:
    A sky-blue stone, within this sunless cleft,
    Is of the very foot-marks unbereft
    Which tiny Elves impressed;--on that smooth stage
    Dancing with all their brilliant equipage                      
    In secret revels--haply after theft
    Of some sweet Babe--Flower stolen, and coarse Weed left
    For the distracted Mother to assuage
    Her grief with, as she might!--But, where, oh! where
    Is traceable a vestige of the notes                           
    That ruled those dances wild in character?--
    Deep underground? Or in the upper air,
    On the shrill wind of midnight? or where floats
    O'er twilight fields the autumnal gossamer?

	
	On, loitering Muse--the swift Stream chides us--on!
    Albeit his deep-worn channel doth immure
    Objects immense portrayed in miniature,
    Wild shapes for many a strange comparison!
    Niagaras, Alpine passes, and anon                              
    Abodes of Naiads, calm abysses pure,
    Bright liquid mansions, fashioned to endure
    When the broad oak drops, a leafless skeleton,
    And the solidities of mortal pride,
    Palace and tower, are crumbled into dust!--                   
    The Bard who walks with Duddon for his guide,
    Shall find such toys of fancy thickly set:
    Turn from the sight, enamoured Muse--we must;
    And, if thou canst, leave them without regret!

	
    Hail to the fields--with Dwellings sprinkled o'er,
    And one small hamlet, under a green hill
    Clustering, with barn and byre, and spouting mill!
    A glance suffices;--should we wish for more,
    Gay June would scorn us. But when bleak winds roar             
    Through the stiff lance-like shoots of pollard ash,
    Dread swell of sound! loud as the gusts that lash
    The matted forests of Ontario's shore
    By wasteful steel unsmitten--then would I
    Turn into port; and, reckless of the gale,                    
    Reckless of angry Duddon sweeping by,
    While the warm hearth exalts the mantling ale,
    Laugh with the generous household heartily
    At all the merry pranks of Donnerdale!

	O mountain Stream! the Shepherd and his Cot
    Are privileged Inmates of deep solitude;
    Nor would the nicest Anchorite exclude
    A field or two of brighter green, or plot
    Of tillage-ground, that seemeth like a spot                    
    Of stationary sunshine:--thou hast viewed
    These only, Duddon! with their paths renewed
    By fits and starts, yet this contents thee not.
    Thee hath some awful Spirit impelled to leave,
    Utterly to desert, the haunts of men,                     
    Though simple thy companions were and few;
    And through this wilderness a passage cleave
    Attended but by thy own voice, save when
    The clouds and fowls of the air thy way pursue!

	
    From this deep chasm, where quivering sunbeams play
    Upon its loftiest crags, mine eyes behold
    A gloomy NICHE, capacious, blank, and cold;
    A concave free from shrubs and mosses grey;
    In semblance fresh, as if, with dire affray,                   
    Some Statue, placed amid these regions old
    For tutelary service, thence had rolled,
    Startling the flight of timid Yesterday!
    Was it by mortals sculptured?--weary slaves
    Of slow endeavour! or abruptly cast                           
    Into rude shape by fire, with roaring blast
    Tempestuously let loose from central caves?
    Or fashioned by the turbulence of waves,
    Then, when o'er highest hills the Deluge pass'd?

	Such fruitless questions may not long beguile
    Or plague the fancy 'mid the sculptured shows
    Conspicuous yet where Oroonoko flows;
    There would the Indian answer with a smile
    Aimed at the White Man's ignorance the while,                  
    Of the GREAT WATERS telling how they rose,
    Covered the plains, and, wandering where they chose,
    Mounted through every intricate defile,
    Triumphant.--Inundation wide and deep,
    O'er which his Fathers urged, to ridge and steep              
    Else unapproachable, their buoyant way;
    And carved, on mural cliff's undreaded side,
    Sun, moon, and stars, and beast of chase or prey;
    Whate'er they sought, shunned, loved, or deified!

	
    My frame hath often trembled with delight
    When hope presented some far-distant good,
    That seemed from heaven descending, like the flood
    Of yon pure waters, from their aëry height
    Hurrying, with lordly Duddon to unite;                         
    Who, 'mid a world of images imprest
    On the calm depth of his transparent breast,
    Appears to cherish most that Torrent white,
    The fairest, softest, liveliest of them all!
    And seldom hath ear listened to a tune                        
    More lulling than the busy hum of Noon,
    Sworn by that voice--whose murmur musical
    Announces to the thirsty fields a boon
    Dewy and fresh, till showers again shall fall.

	
	Whence that low voice?--A whisper from the heart,
    That told of days long past, when here I roved
    With friends and kindred tenderly beloved;
    Some who had early mandates to depart,
    Yet are allowed to steal my path athwart                       
    By Duddon's side; once more do we unite,
    Once more beneath the kind Earth's tranquil light;
    And smothered joys into new being start.
    From her unworthy seat, the cloudy stall
    Of Time, breaks forth triumphant Memory;                      
    Her glistening tresses bound, yet light and free
    As golden locks of birch, that rise and fall
    On gales that breathe too gently to recal
    Aught of the fading year's inclemency!

	
    A love-lorn Maid, at some far-distant time,
    Came to this hidden pool, whose depths surpass
    In crystal clearness Dian's looking-glass;
    And, gazing, saw that Rose, which from the prime
    Derives its name, reflected as the chime                       
    Of echo doth reverberate some sweet sound:
    The starry treasure from the blue profound
    She longed to ravish;--shall she plunge, or climb
    The humid precipice, and seize the guest
    Of April, smiling high in upper air?                          
    Desperate alternative! what fiend could dare
    To prompt the thought?--Upon the steep rock's breast
    The lonely Primrose yet renews its bloom,
    Untouched memento of her hapless doom!SHEEP-WASHING

    Sad thoughts, avaunt!--partake we their blithe cheer
    Who gathered in betimes the unshorn flock
    To wash the fleece, where haply bands of rock,
    Checking the stream, make a pool smooth and clear
    As this we look on. Distant Mountains hear,               
    Hear and repeat, the turmoil that unites
    Clamour of boys with innocent despites
    Of barking dogs, and bleatings from strange fear.
    And what if Duddon's spotless flood receive
    Unwelcome mixtures as the uncouth noise                       
    Thickens, the pastoral River will forgive
    Such wrong; nor need we blame the licensed joys,
    Though false to Nature's quiet equipoise:
    Frank are the sports, the stains are fugitive.

	
    Mid-noon is past;--upon the sultry mead
    No zephyr breathes, no cloud its shadow throws:
    If we advance unstrengthened by repose,
    Farewell the solace of the vagrant reed!
    This Nook--with woodbine hung and straggling weed,         
    Tempting recess as ever pilgrim chose,
    Half grot, half arbour--proffers to enclose
    Body and mind, from molestation freed,
    In narrow compass--narrow as itself:
    Or if the Fancy, too industrious Elf,                         
    Be loth that we should breathe awhile exempt
    From new incitements friendly to our task,
    Here wants not stealthy prospect, that may tempt
    Loose Idless to forego her wily mask.

	Methinks 'twere no unprecedented feat
    Should some benignant Minister of air
    Lift, and encircle with a cloudy chair,
    The One for whom my heart shall ever beat
    With tenderest love;--or, if a safer seat                      
    Atween his downy wings be furnished, there
    Would lodge her, and the cherished burden bear
    O'er hill and valley to this dim retreat!
    Rough ways my steps have trod; too rough and long
    For her companionship; here dwells soft ease:                 
    With sweets that she partakes not some distaste
    Mingles, and lurking consciousness of wrong;
    Languish the flowers; the waters seem to waste
    Their vocal charm; their sparklings cease to please.

    Return, Content! for fondly I pursued,
    Even when a child, the Streams--unheard, unseen;
    Through tangled woods, impending rocks between;
    Or, free as air, with flying inquest viewed
    The sullen reservoirs whence their bold brood--                
    Pure as the morning, fretful, boisterous, keen,
    Green as the salt-sea billows, white and green--
    Poured down the hills, a choral multitude!
    Nor have I tracked their course for scanty gains;
    They taught me random cares and truant joys,                  
    That shield from mischief and preserve from stains
    Vague minds, while men are growing out of boys;
    Maturer Fancy owes to their rough noise
    Impetuous thoughts that brook not servile reins.

	
    Fallen, and diffused into a shapeless heap,
    Or quietly self-buried in earth's mould,
    Is that embattled House, whose massy Keep
    Flung from yon cliff a shadow large and cold.
    There dwelt the gay, the bountiful, the bold;                  
    Till nightly lamentations, like the sweep
    Of winds--though winds were silent--struck a deep
    And lasting terror through that ancient Hold.
    Its line of Warriors fled;--they shrunk when tried
    By ghostly power:--but Time's unsparing hand                  
    Hath plucked such foes, like weeds, from out the land;
    And now, if men with men in peace abide,
    All other strength the weakest may withstand,
    All worse assaults may safely be defied.

	I rose while yet the cattle, heat-opprest,
    Crowded together under rustling trees
    Brushed by the current of the water-breeze;
    And for their sakes, and love of all that rest,
    On Duddon's margin, in the sheltering nest;                    
    For all the startled scaly tribes that slink
    Into his coverts, and each fearless link
    Of dancing insects forged upon his breast;
    For these, and hopes and recollections worn
    Close to the vital seat of human clay;                        
    Glad meetings, tender partings, that upstay
    The drooping mind of absence, by vows sworn
    In his pure presence near the trysting thorn--
    I thanked the Leader of my onward way.

    No record tells of lance opposed to lance,
    Horse charging horse, 'mid these retired domains;
    Tells that their turf drank purple from the veins
    Of heroes, fallen, or struggling to advance,
    Till doubtful combat issued in a trance                        
    Of victory, that struck through heart and reins
    Even to the inmost seat of mortal pains,
    And lightened o'er the pallid countenance.
    Yet, to the loyal and the brave, who lie
    In the blank earth, neglected and forlorn,                    
    The passing Winds memorial tribute pay;
    The Torrents chant their praise, inspiring scorn
    Of power usurped; with proclamation high,
    And glad acknowledgment, of lawful sway.

	
    Who swerves from innocence, who makes divorce
    Of that serene companion--a good name,
    Recovers not his loss; but walks with shame,
    With doubt, with fear, and haply with remorse:
    And oft-times he--who, yielding to the force                   
    Of chance-temptation, ere his journey end,
    From chosen comrade turns, or faithful friend--
    In vain shall rue the broken intercourse.
    Not so with such as loosely wear the chain
    That binds them, pleasant River! to thy side:--               
    Through the rough copse wheel thou with hasty stride;
    I choose to saunter o'er the grassy plain,
    Sure, when the separation has been tried,
    That we, who part in love, shall meet again.

	The Kirk of Ulpha to the pilgrim's eye
    Is welcome as a star, that doth present
    Its shining forehead through the peaceful rent
    Of a black cloud diffused o'er half the sky:
    Or as a fruitful palm-tree towering high                       
    O'er the parched waste beside an Arab's tent;
    Or the Indian tree whose branches, downward bent,
    Take root again, a boundless canopy.
    How sweet were leisure! could it yield no more
    Than 'mid that wave-washed Church-yard to recline,            
    From pastoral graves extracting thoughts divine;
    Or there to pace, and mark the summits hoar
    Of distant moon-lit mountains faintly shine,
    Soothed by the unseen River's gentle roar.

	
    Not hurled precipitous from steep to steep;
    Lingering no more 'mid flower-enamelled lands
    And blooming thickets; nor by rocky bands
    Held; but in radiant progress toward the Deep
    Where mightiest rivers into powerless sleep                    
    Sink, and forget their nature--now expands
    Majestic Duddon, over smooth flat sands
    Gliding in silence with unfettered sweep!
    Beneath an ampler sky a region wide
    Is opened round him:--hamlets, towers, and towns,
    And blue-topped hills, behold him from afar;                  
    In stately mien to sovereign Thames allied
    Spreading his bosom under Kentish downs,
    With commerce freighted, or triumphant war.

	
    But here no cannon thunders to the gale;
    Upon the wave no haughty pendants cast
    A crimson splendour: lowly is the mast
    That rises here, and humbly spread, the sail;
    While, less disturbed than in the narrow Vale                  
    Through which with strange vicissitudes he passed,
    The Wanderer seeks that receptacle vast
    Where all his unambitious functions fail.
    And may thy Poet, cloud-born Stream! be free--
    The sweets of earth contentedly resigned,                     
    And each tumultuous working left behind
    At seemly distance--to advance like Thee;
    Prepared, in peace of heart, in calm of mind
    And soul, to mingle with Eternity!

	I thought of Thee, my partner and my guide,
    As being past away.--Vain sympathies!
    For, backward, Duddon! as I cast my eyes,
    I see what was, and is, and will abide;
    Still glides the Stream, and shall for ever glide;    
    The Form remains, the Function never dies;
    While we, the brave, the mighty, and the wise,
    We Men, who in our morn of youth defied
    The elements, must vanish;--be it so!
    Enough, if something from our hands have power               
    To live, and act, and serve the future hour;
    And if, as toward the silent tomb we go,
    Through love, through hope, and faith's transcendent dower,
    We feel that we are greater than we know.

	
	
	
    Dear Fellow-travellers! think not that the Muse,
    To You presenting these memorial Lays,
    Can hope the general eye thereon would gaze,
    As on a mirror that gives back the hues
    Of living Nature; no--though free to choose                    
    The greenest bowers, the most inviting ways,
    The fairest landscapes and the brightest days--
    Her skill she tried with less ambitious views.
    For You she wrought: Ye only can supply
    The life, the truth, the beauty: she confides                 
    In that enjoyment which with You abides,
    Trusts to your love and vivid memory;
    Thus far contented, that for You her verse
    Shall lack not power the "meeting soul to pierce!"

	Brugès I saw attired with golden light
    (Streamed from the west) as with a robe of power:
    The splendour fled; and now the sunless hour,
    That, slowly making way for peaceful night,
    Best suits with fallen grandeur, to my sight                   
    Offers the beauty, the magnificence,
    And sober graces, left her for defence
    Against the injuries of time, the spite
    Of fortune, and the desolating storms
    Of future war. Advance not--spare to hide,                    
    O gentle Power of darkness! these mild hues;
    Obscure not yet these silent avenues
    Of stateliest architecture, where the Forms
    Of nun-like females, with soft motion, glide!

	
    "Time hath not wronged her, nor hath Ruin sought
     Rudely her splendid Structures to destroy,
    Save in those recent days, with evil fraught,
     When Mutability, in drunken joy
    Triumphant, and from all restraint released,
    Let loose her fierce and many-headed beast.

    "But for the scars in that unhappy rage
     Inflicted, firm she stands and undecayed;
    Like our first Sires, a beautiful old age
     Is hers in venerable years arrayed;
    And yet, to her, benignant stars may bring,
    What fate denies to man,--a second spring.

    "When I may read of tilts in days of old,
     And tourneys graced by Chieftains of renown,
    Fair dames, grave citizens, and warriors bold,
     If fancy would pourtray some stately town,
    Which for such pomp fit theatre should be,
    Fair Bruges, I shall then remember thee."

    
	
    The Spirit of Antiquity--enshrined
    In sumptuous buildings, vocal in sweet song,
    In picture, speaking with heroic tongue,
    And with devout solemnities entwined--
    Mounts to the seat of grace within the mind:              
    Hence Forms that glide with swan-like ease along,
    Hence motions, even amid the vulgar throng,
    To an harmonious decency confined:
    As if the streets were consecrated ground,
    The city one vast temple, dedicate                            
    To mutual respect in thought and deed;
    To leisure, to forbearances sedate;
    To social cares from jarring passions freed;
    A deeper peace than that in deserts found!

	
    A wingèd Goddess--clothed in vesture wrought
    Of rainbow colours; One whose port was bold,
    Whose overburthened hand could scarcely hold
    The glittering crowns and garlands which it brought--
    Hovered in air above the far-famed Spot.                       
    She vanished; leaving prospect blank and cold
    Of wind-swept corn that wide around us rolled
    In dreary billows, wood, and meagre cot,
    And monuments that soon must disappear:
    Yet a dread local recompense we found;                        
    While glory seemed betrayed, while patriot-zeal
    Sank in our hearts, we felt as men should feel
    With such vast hoards of hidden carnage near,
    And horror breathing from the silent ground!

	

    What lovelier home could gentle Fancy choose?
    Is this the stream, whose cities, heights, and plains,
    War's favourite play-ground, are with crimson stains
    Familiar, as the Morn with pearly dews?
    The Morn, that now, along the silver MEUSE,                    
    Spreading her peaceful ensigns, calls the swains
    To tend their silent boats and ringing wains,
    Or strip the bough whose mellow fruit bestrews
    The ripening corn beneath it. As mine eyes
    Turn from the fortified and threatening hill,                 
    How sweet the prospect of yon watery glade,
    With its grey rocks clustering in pensive shade--
    That, shaped like old monastic turrets, rise
    From the smooth meadow-ground, serene and still!

	
    Was it to disenchant, and to undo,
    That we approached the Seat of Charlemaine?
    To sweep from many an old romantic strain
    That faith which no devotion may renew!
    Why does this puny Church present to view                      
    Her feeble columns? and that scanty chair!
    This sword that one of our weak times might wear!
    Objects of false pretence, or meanly true!
    If from a traveller's fortune I might claim
    A palpable memorial of that day,                              
    Then would I seek the Pyrenean Breach
    That ROLAND clove with huge two-handed sway,
    And to the enormous labour left his name,
    Where unremitting frosts the rocky crescent bleach.

    Where unremitting frosts the rocky crescent bleach.

	
    O for the help of Angels to complete
    This Temple--Angels governed by a plan
    Thus far pursued (how gloriously!) by Man,
    Studious that He might not disdain the seat
    Who dwells in heaven! But that aspiring heat                   
    Hath failed; and now, ye Powers! whose gorgeous wings
    And splendid aspect yon emblazonings
    But faintly picture, 'twere an office meet
    For you, on these unfinished shafts to try
    The midnight virtues of your harmony:--                       
    This vast design might tempt you to repeat
    Strains that call forth upon empyreal ground
    Immortal Fabrics, rising to the sound
    Of penetrating harps and voices sweet!

	
    Amid this dance of objects sadness steals
    O'er the defrauded heart--while sweeping by,
    As in a fit of Thespian jollity,
    Beneath her vine-leaf crown the green Earth reels:
    Backward, in rapid evanescence, wheels                         
    The venerable pageantry of Time,
    Each beetling rampart, and each tower sublime,
    And what the Dell unwillingly reveals
    Of lurking cloistral arch, through trees espied
    Near the bright River's edge. Yet why repine?                 
    To muse, to creep, to halt at will, to gaze--
    Such sweet way-faring--of life's spring the pride,
    Her summer's faithful joy--that still is mine,
    And in fit measure cheers autumnal days.

	Jesu! bless our slender Boat,
     By the current swept along;
    Loud its threatenings--let them not
     Drown the music of a song
    Breathed thy mercy to implore,                                 
    Where these troubled waters roar!

    Saviour, for our warning, seen
     Bleeding on that precious Rood;
    If, while through the meadows green
     Gently wound the peaceful flood,                             
    We forgot Thee, do not Thou
    Disregard thy Suppliants now!

    Hither, like yon ancient Tower
     Watching o'er the River's bed,
    Fling the shadow of thy power,                                
     Else we sleep among the dead;
    Thou who trod'st the billowy sea,
    Shield us in our jeopardy!

    Guide our Bark among the waves;
     Through the rocks our passage smooth;                        
    Where the whirlpool frets and raves
     Let thy love its anger soothe:
    All our hope is placed in Thee;
    Miserere Domine!

	
    Not, like his great Compeers, indignantly
    Doth DANUBE spring to life! The wandering Stream
    (Who loves the Cross, yet to the Crescent's gleam
    Unfolds a willing breast) with infant glee
    Slips from his prison walls: and Fancy, free                   
    To follow in his track of silver light,
    Mounts on rapt wing, and with a moment's flight
    Hath reached the encincture of that gloomy sea
    Whose waves the Orphean lyre forbad to meet
    In conflict; whose rough winds forgot their jars         
    To waft the heroic progeny of Greece;
    When the first Ship sailed for the Golden Fleece--
    ARGO--exalted for that daring feat
    To fix in heaven her shape distinct with stars.




	
    Uttered by whom, or how inspired--designed
    For what strange service, does this concert reach
    Our ears, and near the dwellings of mankind!
    'Mid fields familiarized to human speech?--
    No Mermaids warble--to allay the wind                          
    Driving some vessel toward a dangerous beach--
    More thrilling melodies; Witch answering Witch,
    To chaunt a love-spell, never intertwined
    Notes shrill and wild with art more musical:
    Alas! that from the lips of abject Want                       
    Or Idleness in tatters mendicant
    The strain should flow-free Fancy to enthral,
    And with regret and useless pity haunt
    This bold, this bright, this sky-born, WATERFALL!

	
    From the fierce aspect of this River, throwing
    His giant body o'er the steep rock's brink,
    Back in astonishment and fear we shrink:
    But, gradually a calmer look bestowing,
    Flowers we espy beside the torrent growing;                    
    Flowers that peep forth from many a cleft and chink,
    And, from the whirlwind of his anger, drink
    Hues ever fresh, in rocky fortress blowing:
    They suck--from breath that, threatening to destroy,
    Is more benignant than the dewy eve--                         
    Beauty, and life, and motions as of joy:
    Nor doubt but HE to whom yon Pine-trees nod
    Their heads in sign of worship, Nature's God,
    These humbler adorations will receive.

	Around a wild and woody hill
    A gravelled pathway treading,
    We reached a votive Stone that bears
    The name of Aloys Reding.

    Well judged the Friend who placed it there                     
    For silence and protection;
    And haply with a finer care
    Of dutiful affection.

    The Sun regards it from the West;
    And, while in summer glory                                    
    He sets, his sinking yields a type
    Of that pathetic story:

    And oft he tempts the patriot Swiss
    Amid the grove to linger;
    Till all is dim, save this bright Stone                       
    Touched by his golden finger.

	Doomed as we are our native dust
    To wet with many a bitter shower,
    It ill befits us to disdain
    The altar, to deride the fane,
    Where simple Sufferers bend, in trust                     
    To win a happier hour.

    I love, where spreads the village lawn,
    Upon some knee-worn cell to gaze:
    Hail to the firm unmoving cross,
    Aloft, where pines their branches toss!                       
    And to the chapel far withdrawn,
    That lurks by lonely ways!

    Where'er we roam--along the brink
    Of Rhine--or by the sweeping Po,
    Through Alpine vale, or champain wide,                    
    Whate'er we look on, at our side
    Be Charity!--to bid us think,
    And feel, if we would know.

	Oh Life! without thy chequered scene
    Of right and wrong, of weal and woe,
    Success and failure, could a ground
    For magnanimity be found;
    For faith, 'mid ruin'd hopes, serene?                          
    Or whence could virtue flow?

    Pain entered through a ghastly breach--
    Nor while sin lasts must effort cease;
    Heaven upon earth's an empty boast;
    But, for the bowers of Eden lost,                             
    Mercy has placed within our reach
    A portion of God's peace.

	"What know we of the Blest above
    But that they sing and that they love?"
    Yet, if they ever did inspire
    A mortal hymn, or shaped the choir,
    Now, where those harvest Damsels float                         
    Home-ward in their rugged Boat,
    (While all the ruffling winds are fled--
    Each slumbering on some mountain's head)
    Now, surely, hath that gracious aid
    Been felt, that influence is displayed.                       
    Pupils of Heaven, in order stand
    The rustic Maidens, every hand
    Upon a Sister's shoulder laid,--
    To chant, as glides the boat along,
    A simple, but a touching, song;                               
    To chant, as Angels do above,
    The melodies of Peace in love!

	
    For gentlest uses, oft-times Nature takes
    The work of Fancy from her willing hands;
    And such a beautiful creation makes
    As renders needless spells and magic wands,
    And for the boldest tale belief commands.                      
    When first mine eyes beheld that famous Hill
    The sacred ENGELBERG, celestial Bands,
    With intermingling motions soft and still,
    Hung round its top, on wings that changed their hues at will.

    Clouds do not name those Visitants; they were                 
    The very Angels whose authentic lays,
    Sung from that heavenly ground in middle air,
    Made known the spot where piety should raise
    A holy Structure to the Almighty's praise.
    Resplendent Apparition! if in vain                            
    My ears did listen, 'twas enough to gaze;
    And watch the slow departure of the train,
    Whose skirts the glowing Mountain thirsted to detain.

	Meek Virgin Mother, more benign
    Than fairest Star, upon the height
    Of thy own mountain, set to keep
    Lone vigils through the hours of sleep,
    What eye can look upon thy shrine                              
    Untroubled at the sight?

    These crowded offerings as they hang
    In sign of misery relieved,
    Even these, without intent of theirs,
    Report of comfortless despairs,                               
    Of many a deep and cureless pang
    And confidence deceived.

    To Thee, in this aërial cleft,
    As to a common centre, tend
    All sufferers that no more rely                          
    On mortal succour--all who sigh
    And pine, of human hope bereft,
    Nor wish for earthly friend.

    And hence, O Virgin Mother mild!
    Though plenteous flowers around thee blow,                
    Not only from the dreary strife
    Of Winter, but the storms of life,
    Thee have thy Votaries aptly styled,
    OUR LADY OF THE SNOW.

    Even for the Man who stops not here,                          
    But down the irriguous valley hies,
    Thy very name, O Lady! flings,
    O'er blooming fields and gushing springs
    A tender sense of shadowy fear,
    And chastening sympathies!                               

    Nor falls that intermingling shade
    To summer-gladsomeness unkind:
    It chastens only to requite
    With gleams of fresher, purer, light;
    While, o'er the flower-enamelled glade,                       
    More sweetly breathes the wind.

    But on!--a tempting downward way,
    A verdant path before us lies;
    Clear shines the glorious sun above;
    Then give free course to joy and love,                        
    Deeming the evil of the day
    Sufficient for the wise.

	
	What though the Italian pencil wrought not here,
    Nor such fine skill as did the meed bestow
    On Marathonian valour, yet the tear
    Springs forth in presence of this gaudy show,
    While narrow cares their limits overflow.                      
    Thrice happy, burghers, peasants, warriors old,
    Infants in arms, and ye, that as ye go
    Home-ward or school-ward, ape what ye behold
    Heroes before your time, in frolic fancy bold!

    And when that calm Spectatress from on high              
    Looks down--the bright and solitary Moon,
    Who never gazes but to beautify;
    And snow-fed torrents, which the blaze of noon
    Roused into fury, murmur a soft tune
    That fosters peace, and gentleness recals;                    
    Then might the passing Monk receive a boon
    Of saintly pleasure from these pictured walls,
    While, on the warlike groups, the mellowing lustre falls.

    How blest the souls who when their trials come
    Yield not to terror or despondency,                           
    But face like that sweet Boy their mortal doom,
    Whose head the ruddy apple tops, while he
    Expectant stands beneath the linden tree:
    He quakes not like the timid forest game,
    But smiles--the hesitating shaft to free;                
    Assured that Heaven its justice will proclaim,
    And to his Father give its own unerring aim.

	
    By antique Fancy trimmed--though lowly, bred
    To dignity--in thee, O SCHWYTZ! are seen
    The genuine features of the golden mean;
    Equality by Prudence governèd,
    Or jealous Nature ruling in her stead;                         
    And, therefore, art thou blest with peace, serene
    As that of the sweet fields and meadows green
    In unambitious compass round thee spread.
    Majestic BERNE, high on her guardian steep,
    Holding a central station of command,                         
    Might well be styled this noble body's HEAD,
    Thou, lodged 'mid mountainous entrenchments deep,
    Its HEART; and ever may the heroic Land,
    Thy name, O SCHWYTZ, in happy freedom keep!

	
    I listen--but no faculty of mine
    Avails those modulations to detect,
    Which, heard in foreign lands, the Swiss affect
    With tenderest passion; leaving him to pine
    (So fame reports) and die,--his sweet-breath'd kine
    Remembering, and green Alpine pastures decked                  
    With vernal flowers. Yet may we not reject
    The tale as fabulous.--Here while I recline,
    Mindful how others by this simple Strain
    Are moved, for me--upon this Mountain named              
    Of God himself from dread pre-eminence--
    Aspiring thoughts, by memory reclaimed,
    Yield to the Music's touching influence;
    And joys of distant home my heart enchain.

	
	
	Dread hour! when, upheaved by war's sulphurous blast,
     This sweet-visaged Cherub of Parian stone
    So far from the holy enclosure was cast,
     To couch in this thicket of brambles alone,

    To rest where the lizard may bask in the palm                  
     Of his half-open hand pure from blemish or speck;
    And the green, gilded snake, without troubling the calm
     Of the beautiful countenance, twine round his neck;

    Where haply (kind service to Piety due!)
     When winter the grove of its mantle bereaves,                
    Some bird (like our own honoured redbreast) may strew
     The desolate Slumberer with moss and with leaves.

    FUENTES once harboured the good and the brave,
     Nor to her was the dance of soft pleasure unknown;
    Her banners for festal enjoyment did wave                     
     While the thrill of her fifes thro' the mountains was blown:

    Now gads the wild vine o'er the pathless ascent;--
     O silence of Nature, how deep is thy sway,
    When the whirlwind of human destruction is spent,             
     Our tumults appeased, and our strifes passed away!

	 Thou sacred Pile! whose turrets rise
    From yon steep mountain's loftiest stage,
    Guarded by lone San Salvador;
    Sink (if thou must) as heretofore,
    To sulphurous bolts a sacrifice,                               
    But ne'er to human rage!

    On Horeb's top, on Sinai, deigned
    To rest the universal Lord:
    Why leap the fountains from their cells
    Where everlasting Bounty dwells?--                            
    That, while the Creature is sustained,
    His God may be adored.

    Cliffs, fountains, rivers, seasons, times--
    Let all remind the soul of heaven;
    Our slack devotion needs them all;                            
    And Faith--so oft of sense the thrall,
    While she, by aid of Nature, climbs--
    May hope to be forgiven.

    Glory, and patriotic Love,
    And all the Pomps of this frail "spot                         
    Which men call Earth," have yearned to seek,
    Associate with the simply meek,
    Religion in the sainted grove,
    And in the hallowed grot.

    Thither, in time of adverse shocks,                           
    Of fainting hopes and backward wills,
    Did mighty Tell repair of old--
    A Hero cast in Nature's mould,
    Deliverer of the steadfast rocks
    And of the ancient hills!                                     

    He, too, of battle-martyrs chief!
    Who, to recal his daunted peers,
    For victory shaped an open space,
    By gathering with a wide embrace,
    Into his single breast, a sheaf                          
    Of fatal Austrian spears,

	
	
    I love, where spreads the village lawn,
    Upon some knee-worn cell to gaze;
    Hail to the firm unmoving cross,
    Aloft, where pines their branches toss!
    And to the Chapel far withdrawn,
    That lurks by lonely ways!
    Short-sighted children of the dust,
    We live and move in sorrow's power;
    Extinguish that unblest disdain
    That scorns the altar, mocks the fane,
    Where patient Sufferers bend--in trust
    To win a happier hour.

	Now that the farewell tear is dried,
    Heaven prosper thee, be hope thy guide!
    Hope be thy guide, adventurous Boy;
    The wages of thy travel, joy!
    Whether for London bound--to trill                             
    Thy mountain notes with simple skill;
    Or on thy head to poise a show
    Of Images in seemly row;
    The graceful form of milk-white Steed,
    Or Bird that soared with Ganymede;                        
    Or through our hamlets thou wilt bear
    The sightless Milton, with his hair
    Around his placid temples curled;
    And Shakspeare at his side--a freight,
    If clay could think and mind were weight,                     
    For him who bore the world!
    Hope be thy guide, adventurous Boy;
    The wages of thy travel, joy!
	But thou, perhaps, (alert as free
    Though serving sage philosophy)                               
    Wilt ramble over hill and dale,
    A Vender of the well-wrought Scale,
    Whose sentient tube instructs to time
    A purpose to a fickle clime:
    Whether thou choose this useful part,                         
    Or minister to finer art,
    Though robbed of many a cherished dream,
    And crossed by many a shattered scheme,
    What stirring wonders wilt thou see
    In the proud Isle of liberty!                                 
    Yet will the Wanderer sometimes pine
    With thoughts which no delights can chase,
    Recal a Sister's last embrace,
    His Mother's neck entwine;
    Nor shall forget the Maiden coy                               
    That would have loved the bright-haired Boy!
	My Song, encouraged by the grace
    That beams from his ingenuous face,
    For this Adventurer scruples not
    To prophesy a golden lot;                                     
    Due recompense, and safe return
    To COMO'S steeps--his happy bourne!
    Where he, aloft in garden glade,
    Shall tend, with his own dark-eyed Maid,
    The towering maize, and prop the twig                         
    That ill supports the luscious fig;
    Or feed his eye in paths sun-proof
    With purple of the trellis-roof,
    That through the jealous leaves escapes
    From Cadenabbia's pendent grapes.                             
    --Oh might he tempt that Goatherd-child
    To share his wanderings! him whose look
    Even yet my heart can scarcely brook,
    So touchingly he smiled--
    As with a rapture caught from heaven--                        
    For unasked alms in pity given.


With nodding plumes, and lightly drest
    Like foresters in leaf-green vest,
    The Helvetian Mountaineers, on ground
    For Tell's dread archery renowned,                            
    Before the target stood--to claim
    The guerdon of the steadiest aim.
    Loud was the rifle-gun's report--
    A startling thunder quick and short!
    But, flying through the heights around,                       
    Echo prolonged a tell-tale sound
    Of hearts and hands alike "prepared
    The treasures they enjoy to guard!"
    And, if there be a favoured hour
    When Heroes are allowed to quit                               
    The tomb, and on the clouds to sit
    With tutelary power,
    On their Descendants shedding grace--
    This was the hour, and that the place.
	But Truth inspired the Bards of old                           
    When of an iron age they told,
    Which to unequal laws gave birth,
    And drove Astræa from the earth.
    --A gentle Boy (perchance with blood
    As noble as the best endued,                                  
    But seemingly a Thing despised;
    Even by the sun and air unprized;
    For not a tinge or flowery streak
    Appeared upon his tender cheek)
    Heart-deaf to those rebounding notes,                         
    Apart, beside his silent goats,
    Sate watching in a forest shed,
    Pale, ragged, with bare feet and head;
    Mute as the snow upon the hill,
    And, as the saint he prays to, still.                         
    Ah, what avails heroic deed?
    What liberty? if no defence
    Be won for feeble Innocence.
    Father of all! though wilful Manhood read
    His punishment in soul-distress,                              
    Grant to the morn of life its natural blessedness!

	
    Heart-deaf to those rebounding notes
    Of pleasure, by his silent Goats--
    Sate far apart in forest shed,
    Pale, ragged, bare his feet and head,                       

    Heart-deaf to those rebounding notes
    Sate watching by his silent Goats,
    Apart within a forest shed,
    Pale, ragged, with bare feet and head;                      

    He to those oft-rebounding notes
    Heart-deaf, beside his silent goats
    Sate watching in a forest shed,
    Pale, ragged, with bare feet and head;                      

	
	
    Tho' searching damps and many an envious flaw
    Have marred this Work; the calm ethereal grace,
    The love deep-seated in the Saviour's face,
    The mercy, goodness, have not failed to awe
    The Elements; as they do melt and thaw                         
    The heart of the Beholder--and erase
    (At least for one rapt moment) every trace
    Of disobedience to the primal law.
    The annunciation of the dreadful truth
    Made to the Twelve, survives: lip, forehead, cheek,      
    And hand reposing on the board in ruth
    Of what it utters, while the unguilty seek
    Unquestionable meanings--still bespeak
    A labour worthy of eternal youth!

     

	   
	   
    High on her speculative tower
    Stood Science waiting for the hour
    When Sol was destined to endure
    That darkening of his radiant face
    Which Superstition strove to chase,                            
    Erewhile, with rites impure.

    Afloat beneath Italian skies,
    Through regions fair as Paradise
    We gaily passed,--till Nature wrought
    A silent and unlooked-for change,                             
    That checked the desultory range
    Of joy and sprightly thought.

    Where'er was dipped the toiling oar,
    The waves danced round us as before,
    As lightly, though of altered hue,                            
    'Mid recent coolness, such as falls
    At noontide from umbrageous walls
    That screen the morning dew.

    No vapour stretched its wings; no cloud
    Cast far or near a murky shroud;                              
    The sky an azure field displayed;
    'Twas sunlight sheathed and gently charmed,
    Of all its sparkling rays disarmed,
    And as in slumber laid,--

    Or something night and day between,                           
    Like moonshine--but the hue was green;
    Still moonshine, without shadow, spread
    On jutting rock, and curvèd shore,
    Where gazed the peasant from his door
    And on the mountain's head.                                   

    It tinged the Julian steeps--it lay,
    Lugano! on thy ample bay,
    The solemnizing veil was drawn
    O'er villas, terraces, and towers;
    To Albogasio's olive bowers,                              
    Porlezza's verdant lawn.

    But Fancy with the speed of fire
    Hath past to Milan's loftiest spire,
    And there alights 'mid that aërial host
    Of Figures human and divine,                                  
    White as the snows of Apennine
    Indúrated by frost.

    Awe-stricken she beholds the array
    That guards the Temple night and day;
    Angels she sees--that might from heaven have flown,
    And Virgin-saints, who not in vain                            
    Have striven by purity to gain
    The beatific crown--

    Sees long-drawn files, concentric rings
    Each narrowing above each;--the wings,                        
    The uplifted palms, the silent marble lips
    The starry zone of sovereign height--
    All steeped in this portentous light!
    All suffering dim eclipse!

    Thus after Man had fallen (if aught                           
    These perishable spheres have wrought
    May with that issue be compared)
    Throngs of celestial visages,
    Darkening like water in the breeze,
    A holy sadness shared.                                        

    Lo! while I speak, the labouring Sun
    His glad deliverance has begun:
    The cypress waves her sombre plume
    More cheerily; and town and tower,
    The vineyard and the olive-bower,                             
    Their lustre re-assume!

    O Ye, who guard and grace my home
    While in far-distant lands we roam,
    What countenance hath this Day put on for you?
    While we looked round with favoured eyes,                     
    Did sullen mists hide lake and skies
    And mountains from your view?

    Or was it given you to behold
    Like vision, pensive though not cold,
    From the smooth breast of gay Winandermere?
    Saw ye the soft yet awful veil                                
    Spread over Grasmere's lovely dale,
    Helvellyn's brow severe?

    I ask in vain--and know far less
    If sickness, sorrow, or distress                              
    Have spared my Dwelling to this hour;
    Sad blindness! but ordained to prove
    Our faith in Heaven's unfailing love
    And all-controlling power.

    Of Figures human and Divine.

	
	How blest the Maid whose heart--yet free
    From Love's uneasy sovereignty--
    Beats with a fancy running high,
    Her simple cares to magnify;
    Whom Labour, never urged to toil,                              
    Hath cherished on a healthful soil;
    Who knows not pomp, who heeds not pelf;
    Whose heaviest sin it is to look
    Askance upon her pretty Self
    Reflected in some crystal brook;                              
    Whom grief hath spared--who sheds no tear
    But in sweet pity; and can hear
    Another's praise from envy clear.Such (but O lavish Nature! why
    That dark unfathomable eye,                                   
    Where lurks a Spirit that replies
    To stillest mood of softest skies,
    Yet hints at peace to be o'erthrown,
    Another's first, and then her own?)
    Such, haply, yon ITALIAN Maid,                                
    Our Lady's laggard Votaress,
    Halting beneath the chestnut shade
    To accomplish there her loveliness:
    Nice aid maternal fingers lend;
    A Sister serves with slacker hand;                            
    Then, glittering like a star, she joins the festal band.
	How blest (if truth may entertain
    Coy fancy with a bolder strain)
    The HELVETIAN Girl--who daily braves,
    In her light skiff, the tossing waves,                        
    And quits the bosom of the deep
    Only to climb the rugged steep!
    --Say whence that modulated shout!
    From Wood-nymph of Diana's throng?
    Or does the greeting to a rout                                
    Of giddy Bacchanals belong?
    Jubilant outcry! rock and glade
    Resounded--but the voice obeyed
    The breath of an Helvetian Maid.
	Her beauty dazzles the thick wood;                            
    Her courage animates the flood;
    Her steps the elastic green-sward meets
    Returning unreluctant sweets;
    The mountains (as ye heard) rejoice
    Aloud, saluted by her voice!                                  
    Blithe Paragon of Alpine grace,
    Be as thou art--for through thy veins
    The blood of Heroes runs its race!
    And nobly wilt thou brook the chains
    That, for the virtuous, Life prepares;                        
    The fetters which the Matron wears;
    The patriot Mother's weight of anxious cares!
	"Sweet HIGHLAND Girl! a very shower
    Of beauty was thy earthly dower,"
    When thou didst flit before mine eyes,                   
    Gay Vision under sullen skies,
    While Hope and Love around thee played,
    Near the rough falls of Inversneyd!
    Have they, who nursed the blossom, seen
    No breach of promise in the fruit?                            
    Was joy, in following joy, as keen
    As grief can be in grief's pursuit?
    When youth had flown did hope still bless
    Thy goings--or the cheerfulness
    Of innocence survive to mitigate distress?
	But from our course why turn--to tread
    A way with shadows overspread;
    Where what we gladliest would believe
    Is feared as what may most deceive?
    Bright Spirit, not with amaranth crowned                      
    But heath-bells from thy native ground.
    Time cannot thin thy flowing hair,
    Nor take one ray of light from Thee;
    For in my Fancy thou dost share
    The gift of immortality;                                      
    And there shall bloom, with Thee allied,
    The Votaress by Lugano's side;
    And that intrepid Nymph, on Uri's steep, descried!

	
    Ambition--following down this far-famed slope
    Her Pioneer, the snow-dissolving Sun,
    While clarions prate of kingdoms to be won--
    Perchance, in future ages, here may stop;
    Taught to mistrust her flattering horoscope                    
    By admonition from this prostrate Stone!
    Memento uninscribed of Pride o'erthrown;
    Vanity's hieroglyphic; a choice trope
    In Fortune's rhetoric. Daughter of the Rock,
    Rest where thy course was stayed by Power divine!
    The Soul transported sees, from hint of thine,                
    Crimes which the great Avenger's hand provoke,
    Hears combats whistling o'er the ensanguined heath:
    What groans! what shrieks! what quietness in death!

	
    Vallombrosa! I longed in thy shadiest wood
    To slumber, reclined on the moss-covered floor,
    To listen to ANIO'S precipitous flood,
    When the stillness of evening hath deepened its roar;
    To range through the Temples of PÆSTUM, to muse       
    In POMPEII preserved by her burial in earth;
    On pictures to gaze where they drank in their hues;
    And murmur sweet songs on the ground of their birth!

    The beauty of Florence, the grandeur of Rome,
    Could I leave them unseen, and not yield to regret?       
    With a hope (and no more) for a season to come,
    Which ne'er may discharge the magnificent debt?
    Thou fortunate Region! whose Greatness inurned
    Awoke to new life from its ashes and dust;
    Twice-glorified fields! if in sadness I turned                
    From your infinite marvels, the sadness was just.

    Now, risen ere the light-footed Chamois retires
    From dew-sprinkled grass to heights guarded with snow,
    Toward the mists that hang over the land of my Sires,
    From the climate of myrtles contented I go.                   
    My thoughts become bright like yon edging of Pines
    On the steep's lofty verge: how it blacken'd the air!
    But, touched from behind by the Sun, it now shines
    With threads that seem part of his own silver hair.

    Though the toil of the way with dear Friends we divide,  
    Though by the same zephyr our temples be fanned
    As we rest in the cool orange-bower side by side,
    A yearning survives which few hearts shall withstand:
    Each step hath its value while homeward we move;--
    O joy when the girdle of England appears!                     
    What moment in life is so conscious of love,
    Of love in the heart made more happy by tears?

	
    What beast of chase hath broken from the cover?
    Stern GEMMI listens to as full a cry,
    As multitudinous a harmony
    Of sounds as rang the heights of Latmos over,
    When, from the soft couch of her sleeping Lover,               
    Up-starting, Cynthia skimmed the mountain-dew
    In keen pursuit--and gave, where'er she flew,
    Impetuous motion to the Stars above her.
    A solitary Wolf-dog, ranging on
    Through the bleak concave, wakes this wondrous chime
    Of aëry voices locked in unison,--                            
    Faint--far-off--near--deep--solemn and sublime!--
    So, from the body of one guilty deed,
    A thousand ghostly fears, and haunting thoughts, proceed!

	
    To appease the Gods; or public thanks to yield;
    Or to solicit knowledge of events,
    Which in her breast Futurity concealed;
    And that the past might have its true intents
    Feelingly told by living monuments--                           
    Mankind of yore were prompted to devise
    Rites such as yet Persepolis presents
    Graven on her cankered walls, solemnities
    That moved in long array before admiring eyes.

    The Hebrews thus, carrying in joyful state                    
    Thick boughs of palm, and willows from the brook,
    Marched round the altar--to commemorate
    How, when their course they through the desert took,
    Guided by signs which ne'er the sky forsook,
    They lodged in leafy tents and cabins low;                    
    Green boughs were borne, while, for the blast that shook
    Down to the earth the walls of Jericho,
    Shouts rise, and storms of sound from lifted trumpets blow!

    And thus, in order, 'mid the sacred grove
    Fed in the Libyan waste by gushing wells,                     
    The priests and damsels of Ammonian Jove
    Provoked responses with shrill canticles;
    While, in a ship begirt with silver bells,
    They round his altar bore the hornèd God,
    Old Cham, the solar Deity, who dwells                      
    Aloft, yet in a tilting vessel rode,
    When universal sea the mountains overflowed.

    Why speak of Roman Pomps? the haughty claims
    Of Chiefs triumphant after ruthless wars;
    The feast of Neptune--and the Cereal Games,           
    With images, and crowns, and empty cars;
    The dancing Salii--on the shields of Mars
    Smiting with fury; and a deeper dread
    Scattered on all sides by the hideous jars
    Of Corybantian cymbals, while the head                        
    Of Cybelè was seen, sublimely turreted!

    At length a Spirit more subdued and soft
    Appeared--to govern Christian pageantries:
    The Cross, in calm procession, borne aloft
    Moved to the chant of sober litanies.                         
    Even such, this day, came wafted on the breeze
    From a long train--in hooded vestments fair
    Enwrapt--and winding, between Alpine trees
    Spiry and dark, around their House of prayer,
    Below the icy bed of bright ARGENTIERE.                       

    Still in the vivid freshness of a dream,
    The pageant haunts me as it met our eyes!
    Still, with those white-robed Shapes--a living Stream,
    The glacier Pillars join in solemn guise
    For the same service, by mysterious ties;                     
    Numbers exceeding credible account
    Of number, pure and silent Votaries
    Issuing or issued from a wintry fount;
    The impenetrable heart of that exalted Mount!

    They, too, who send so far a holy gleam                  
    While they the Church engird with motion slow,
    A product of that awful Mountain seem,
    Poured from his vaults of everlasting snow;
    Not virgin lilies marshalled in bright row,
    Not swans descending with the stealthy tide,                  
    A livelier sisterly resemblance show
    Than the fair Forms, that in long order glide,
    Bear to the glacier band--those Shapes aloft descried.

    Trembling, I look upon the secret springs
    Of that licentious craving in the mind                        
    To act the God among external things,
    To bind, on apt suggestion, or unbind;
    And marvel not that antique Faith inclined
    To crowd the world with metamorphosis,
    Vouchsafed in pity or in wrath assigned;                      
    Such insolent temptations wouldst thou miss,
    Avoid these sights; nor brood o'er Fable's dark abyss!


    Still, with those white-robed Shapes--a living Stream,
    The glacier Pillars join in solemn guise.

	
	LULLED by the sound of pastoral bells,
    Rude Nature's Pilgrims did we go,
    From the dread summit of the Queen
    Of mountains, through a deep ravine,
    Where, in her holy chapel, dwells                              
    "Our Lady of the Snow."

    The sky was blue, the air was mild;
    Free were the streams and green the bowers;
    As if, to rough assaults unknown,
    The genial spot had ever shown                              
    A countenance that as sweetly smiled--
    The face of summer-hours.

    And we were gay, our hearts at ease;
    With pleasure dancing through the frame
    We journeyed; all we knew of care--                      
    Our path that straggled here and there;
    Of trouble--but the fluttering breeze;
    Of Winter--but a name.

    If foresight could have rent the veil
    Of three short days--but hush--no more!                       
    Calm is the grave, and calmer none
    Than that to which thy cares are gone,
    Thou Victim of the stormy gale;
    Asleep on ZURICH'S shore!

    Oh GODDARD! what art thou?--a name--                          
    A sunbeam followed by a shade!
    Nor more, for aught that time supplies,
    The great, the experienced, and the wise:
    Too much from this frail earth we claim,
    And therefore are betrayed.                                   

    We met, while festive mirth ran wild,
    Where, from a deep lake's mighty urn,
    Forth slips, like an enfranchised slave,
    A sea-green river, proud to lave,
    With current swift and undefiled,                             
    The towers of old LUCERNE.

    We parted upon solemn ground
    Far-lifted towards the unfading sky;
    But all our thoughts were then of Earth,
    That gives to common pleasures birth;                         
    And nothing in our hearts we found
    That prompted even a sigh.

    Fetch, sympathising Powers of air,
    Fetch, ye that post o'er seas and lands,
    Herbs moistened by Virginian dew,                             
    A most untimely grave to strew,
    Whose turf may never know the care
    Of kindred human hands!

    Beloved by every gentle Muse
    He left his Transatlantic home:                               
    Europe, a realised romance,
    Had opened on his eager glance;
    What present bliss!--what golden views!
    What stores for years to come!

    Though lodged within no vigorous frame,                       
    His soul her daily tasks renewed,
    Blithe as the lark on sun-gilt wings
    High poised--or as the wren that sings
    In shady places, to proclaim
    Her modest gratitude.                                         

    Not vain is sadly-uttered praise;
    The words of truth's memorial vow
    Are sweet as morning fragrance shed
    From flowers 'mid GOLDAU'S ruins bred;
    As evening's fondly-lingering rays,                      
    On RIGHI'S silent brow.

    Lamented youth! to thy cold clay
    Fit obsequies the Stranger paid;
    And piety shall guard the Stone
    Which hath not left the spot unknown                          
    Where the wild waves resigned their prey--
    And that which marks thy bed.

    And, when thy Mother weeps for Thee,
    Lost Youth! a solitary Mother;
    This tribute from a casual Friend                             
    A not unwelcome aid may lend,
    To feed the tender luxury,
    The rising pang to smother.

	Lo! in the burning west, the craggy nape
    Of a proud Ararat! and, thereupon,
    The Ark, her melancholy voyage done!
    Yon rampant cloud mimics a lion's shape;
    There, combats a huge crocodile--agape                         
    A golden spear to swallow! and that brown
    And massy grove, so near yon blazing town,
    Stirs and recedes--destruction to escape!
    Yet all is harmless--as the Elysian shades
    Where Spirits dwell in undisturbed repose--                   
    Silently disappears, or quickly fades:
    Meek Nature's evening comment on the shows
    That for oblivion take their daily birth
    From all the fuming vanities of Earth!

	
	
    Why cast ye back upon the Gallic shore,
    Ye furious waves! a patriotic Son
    Of England--who in hope her coast had won,
    His project crowned, his pleasant travel o'er?
    Well--let him pace this noted beach once more,                 
    That gave the Roman his triumphal shells;
    That saw the Corsican his cap and bells
    Haughtily shake, a dreaming Conqueror!--
    Enough: my Country's cliffs I can behold,
    And proudly think, beside the chafing sea,               
    Of checked ambition, tyranny controlled,
    And folly cursed with endless memory:
    These local recollections ne'er can cloy;
    Such ground I from my very heart enjoy!


	
    Where be the noisy followers of the game
    Which faction breeds; the turmoil where? that passed
    Through Europe, echoing from the newsman's blast,
    And filled our hearts with grief for England's shame.
    Peace greets us;--rambling on without an aim                   
    We mark majestic herds of cattle, free
    To ruminate, couched on the grassy lea;
    And hear far-off the mellow horn proclaim
    The Season's harmless pastime. Ruder sound
    Stirs not; enrapt I gaze with strange delight,                
    While consciousnesses, not to be disowned,
    Here only serve a feeling to invite
    That lifts the spirit to a calmer height,
    And makes this rural stillness more profound.

    We mark majestic herds of cattle free
    To ruminate.

	
    From the Pier's head, musing, and with increase
    Of wonder, I have watched this sea-side Town,
    Under the white cliff's battlemented crown,
    Hushed to a depth of more than Sabbath peace:
    The streets and quays are thronged, but why disown             
    Their natural utterance: whence this strange release
    From social noise--silence elsewhere unknown?--
    A Spirit whispered, "Let all wonder cease;
    Ocean's o'erpowering murmurs have set free
    Thy sense from pressure of life's common din;                 
    As the dread Voice that speaks from out the sea
    Of God's eternal Word, the Voice of Time
    Doth deaden, shocks of tumult, shrieks of crime,
    The shouts of folly, and the groans of sin."

	
    Is then the final page before me spread,
    Nor further outlet left to mind or heart?
    Presumptuous Book! too forward to be read,
    How can I give thee licence to depart?
    One tribute more: unbidden feelings start                      
    Forth from their coverts; slighted objects rise;
    My spirit is the scene of such wild art
    As on Parnassus rules, when lightning flies,
    Visibly leading on the thunder's harmonies.

    All that I saw returns upon my view,                          
    All that I heard comes back upon my ear,
    All that I felt this moment doth renew;
    And where the foot with no unmanly fear
    Recoiled--and wings alone could travel--there
    I move at ease; and meet contending themes                    
    That press upon me, crossing the career
    Of recollections vivid as the dreams
    Of midnight,--cities, plains, forests, and mighty streams.

    Where Mortal never breathed I dare to sit
    Among the interior Alps, gigantic crew,                       
    Who triumphed o'er diluvian power!--and yet
    What are they but a wreck and residue,
    Whose only business is to perish!--true
    To which sad course, these wrinkled Sons of Time
    Labour their proper greatness to subdue;                      
    Speaking of death alone, beneath a clime
    Where life and rapture flow in plenitude sublime.

    Fancy hath flung for me an airy bridge
    Across thy long deep Valley, furious Rhone!
    Arch that here rests upon the granite ridge                 
    Of Monte Rosa--there on frailer stone
    Of secondary birth, the Jung-frau's cone;
    And, from that arch, down-looking on the Vale
    The aspect I behold of every zone;
    A sea of foliage, tossing with the gale,                      
    Blithe Autumn's purple crown, and Winter's icy mail!

    Far as ST. MAURICE, from yon eastern FORKS,
    Down the main avenue my sight can range:
    And all its branchy vales, and all that lurks
    Within them, church, and town, and hut, and grange,           
    For my enjoyment meet in vision strange;
    Snows, torrents;--to the region's utmost bound,
    Life, Death, in amicable interchange;--
    But list! the avalanche--the hush profound
    That follows--yet more awful than that awful sound!      

    Is not the chamois suited to his place?
    The eagle worthy of her ancestry?
    --Let Empires fall; but ne'er shall Ye disgrace
    Your noble birthright, ye that occupy
    Your council-seats beneath the open sky,                  
    On Sarnen's Mount, there judge of fit and right,
    In simple democratic majesty;
    Soft breezes fanning your rough brows--the might
    And purity of nature spread before your sight!

    From this appropriate Court, renowned LUCERNE                 
    Calls me to pace her honoured Bridge--that cheers
    The Patriot's heart with pictures rude and stern,
    An uncouth Chronicle of glorious years.
    Like portraiture, from loftier source, endears
    That work of kindred frame, which spans the lake              
    Just at the point of issue, where it fears
    The form and motion of a stream to take;
    Where it begins to stir, yet voiceless as a snake.

    Volumes of sound, from the Cathedral rolled,
    This long-roofed Vista penetrate--but see,                    
    One after one, its tablets, that unfold
    The whole design of Scripture history;
    From the first tasting of the fatal Tree,
    Till the bright Star appeared in eastern skies,
    Announcing, ONE was born mankind to free;                     
    His acts, his wrongs, his final sacrifice;
    Lessons for every heart, a Bible for all eyes.

    Our pride misleads, our timid likings kill.
    --Long may these homely Works devised of old,
    These simple efforts of Helvetian skill,                      
    Aid, with congenial influence, to uphold
    The State,--the Country's destiny to mould;
    Turning, for them who pass, the common dust
    Of servile opportunity to gold;
    Filling the soul with sentiments august--                     
    The beautiful, the brave, the holy, and the just!

    No more; Time halts not in his noiseless march--
    Nor turns, nor winds, as doth the liquid flood;
    Life slips from underneath us, like that arch
    Of airy workmanship whereon we stood,                    
    Earth stretched below, heaven in our neighbourhood.
    Go forth, my little Book! pursue thy way;
    Go forth, and please the gentle and the good;
    Nor be a whisper stifled, if it say
    That treasures, yet untouched, may grace some future Lay.     
